35 years of fuzzy set theory,fuzzy techniques in image processing at ghent university: summary of a 12-year journey.
3d integration for noc-based soc architectures,influence of stacked 3d memory/cache architectures on gpus.
3d research challenges in cultural heritage,enrichment and preservation of architectural knowledge.
[createspace],living analytics methods for the social web.
a biosystems approach to industrial patient monitoring and diagnostic devices,a biosystems approach to industrial patient monitoring and diagnostic devices
a blossoming development of splines,a blossoming development of splines
a concise introduction to models and methods for automated planning,a concise introduction to models and methods for automated planning
a concise introduction to multiagent systems and distributed artificial intelligence,a concise introduction to multiagent systems and distributed artificial intelligence
a construction manual for robots' ethical systems,the potential of logic programming as a computational tool to model morality.|constrained incrementalist moral decision making for a biologically inspired cognitive architecture.|ethical regulation of robots must be embedded in their operating systems.|case-supported principle-based behavior paradigm.|shall i show you some other shirts too? the psychology and ethics of persuasive robots.|grafting norms onto the bdi agent model.
a guide to convolutional neural networks for computer vision,a guide to convolutional neural networks for computer vision
a guide to visual multi-level interface design from synthesis of empirical study evidence,a guide to visual multi-level interface design from synthesis of empirical study evidence
a gyrovector space approach to hyperbolic geometry,a gyrovector space approach to hyperbolic geometry
a handbook for analytical writing: keys to strategic thinking,a handbook for analytical writing: keys to strategic thinking
a hybrid imagination: science and technology in cultural perspective,a hybrid imagination: science and technology in cultural perspective
a little book on teaching,a little book on teaching: a beginner's guide for educators of engineering and applied science
a perspective in theoretical computer science,generalized parikh vector and public key cryptosystems.
a perspective on single-channel frequency-domain speech enhancement,a perspective on single-channel frequency-domain speech enhancement
a philosophy of technology: from technical artefacts to sociotechnical systems,a philosophy of technology: from technical artefacts to sociotechnical systems
a practical guide to gender diversity for computer science faculty,a practical guide to gender diversity for computer science faculty
a practical guide to testing wireless smartphone applications,a practical guide to testing wireless smartphone applications
a primer on compression in the memory hierarchy,a primer on compression in the memory hierarchy
a primer on hardware prefetching,a primer on hardware prefetching
a primer on memory consistency and cache coherence,a primer on memory consistency and cache coherence
a primer on physical-layer network coding,a primer on physical-layer network coding
a short introduction to preferences,a short introduction to preferences: between artificial intelligence and social choice
a, b, see... in 3d,a, b, see... in 3d: a workbook to improve 3-d visualization skills
aaron swartz's the programmable web: an unfinished work,aaron swartz's the programmable web: an unfinished work
academia-verlag,altlast-datenverarbeitung mit wissensbasierten informationssystemen.
access control in data management systems,access control in data management systems
accuracy and fuzziness,professor trillas' presidency of csic: years of political change and friendship.
accurate computation of mathieu functions,accurate computation of mathieu functions
acoustical impulse response functions of music performance halls,acoustical impulse response functions of music performance halls
action programming languages,action programming languages
active learning,active learning
activity theory in hci,activity theory in hci: fundamentals and reflections
adag,entwurf und implementation einer automatisierten compiler-entwicklungsumgebung: ebnf-lr-parsergenerator, modulbibliothek und interaktive schnittstellen.
adaptive and multilevel metaheuristics,automated parameterisation of a metaheuristic for the orienteering problem.
adaptive and personalized semantic web,an algorithmic framework for adaptive web content.|htmlbutler - wrapper usability enhancement through ontology sharing and large scale cooperation.|a multilayer ontology scheme for integrated searching in distributed hypermedia.
adaptive high-resolution sensor waveform design for tracking,adaptive high-resolution sensor waveform design for tracking
adaptive interaction: a utility maximization approach to understanding human interaction with technology,adaptive interaction: a utility maximization approach to understanding human interaction with technology
adaptive mesh refinement for time-domain numerical electromagnetics,adaptive mesh refinement for time-domain numerical electromagnetics
addison-wesley,multiagentensimulation: konzepte, werkzeuge, anwendungen.|agentenbasierte softwareentwicklung: methode und anwendungen.|metaprogrammierung und prolog.
adiabatic quantum computation and quantum annealing: theory and practice,adiabatic quantum computation and quantum annealing: theory and practice
advanced autonomous vehicle design for severe environments,multibody dynamics techniques for real-time parameter estimation.
advanced bimanual manipulation,observation and execution.
advanced circuit simulation using multisim workbench,advanced circuit simulation using multisim workbench
advanced computational intelligence in healthcare (7),intelligent and immersive visual analytics of health data.|human-machine interfaces for motor rehabilitation.
advanced computational intelligence paradigms in healthcare (1),assistive wheelchair navigation: a cognitive view.
advanced computational intelligence paradigms in healthcare - 2,attacking the inverse electromagnetic problem of the heart with computationally compatible anatomical and histological knowledge.
advanced computational methods for knowledge engineering,an application of computational collective intelligence to governance and policy modelling.
advanced dynamic modeling of economic and social systems,mathematical model used in decision-making process with respect to the reliability of geodatabase.|spatial database quality and the potential uncertainty sources.
advanced intelligent computational technologies and decision support systems,new format for coding of single and sequences of medical images.|compression of ct images with branched inverse pyramidal decomposition.|classification of eeg-based brain-computer interfaces.|rule-based classification of patients screened with the mmpi test in the copernicus system.|negotiation-based patient scheduling in hospitals - reengineering message-based interactions with services.|an adaptive approach for noise reduction in sequences of ct images.|intelligent predictive diagnosis on given practice data base: background and technique.
advanced intelligent paradigms in computer games,computational intelligence in racing games.|advanced intelligent paradigms in computer games
advanced intelligent systems,analysis of 3d polygon data for comfortable grip form design.|iphone as multi-cam and multi-viewer.
advanced metasearch engine technology,advanced metasearch engine technology
advanced methods for computational collective intelligence,biometric and intelligent student progress assessment system.
advanced probability theory for biomedical engineers,advanced probability theory for biomedical engineers
advanced query processing (1),a functional model for dataspace management systems.
advanced radar detection schemes under mismatched signal models,advanced radar detection schemes under mismatched signal models
advanced research in data privacy,electronic ticketing: requirements and proposals related to transport.
advanced soa tools and applications,a platform for development of electronic markets of sophisticated business services.
advanced topics in computer vision,learning object detectors in stationary environments.|co-recognition of images and videos: unsupervised matching of identical object patterns and its applications.|moment constraints in convex optimization for segmentation and tracking.|evaluating and extending trajectory features for activity recognition.|boosting k-nearest neighbors classification.|recognizing human actions by using effective codebooks and tracking.|large scale metric learning for distance-based image classification on open ended data sets.|video temporal super-resolution based on self-similarity.
advances and applications in sliding mode control systems,robust control of robot arms via quasi sliding modes and neural networks.|optimal sliding and decoupled sliding mode tracking control by multi-objective particle swarm optimization and genetic algorithms.
advances in applied self-organizing systems,a self-organizing sensing system for structural health monitoring of aerospace vehicles.
advances in biologically inspired information systems,context data dissemination in the bio-inspired service life cycle.
advances in chaos theory and intelligent control,a novel design approach of a nonlinear resistor based on a memristor emulator.
advances in control of articulated and mobile robots,methods and algorithms for sensor data fusion aimed at improving the autonomy of a mobile robot.
advances in digital government,data integration and access - the digital government research center's energy data collection (edc) project.
advances in distributed agent-based retrieval tools,rethinking search engines in social network vision.
advances in evolutionary computing for system design,applying hybrid multiobjective evolutionary algorithms to the sailor assignment problem.|designing a recurrent neural network-based controller for gyro-mirror line-of-sight stabilization system using an artificial immune algorithm.|evolutionary neuro-fuzzy systems and applications.
advances in feature selection for data and pattern recognition,feature selection with a genetic algorithm for classification of brain imaging data.
advances in ict for business, industry and public sector,a multi-level hierarchical approach for configuring business processes.
advances in information and intelligent systems,interaction volume management in a multi-scale virtual environment.
advances in intelligent analysis of medical data and decision support systems,a new histogram-based descriptor for images retrieval from databases.
advances in intelligent information and database systems,real time measurement and visualization of ecg on mobile monitoring stations of biotelemetric system.
advances in intelligent information systems,bar charts in popular media: conveying their message to visually impaired users via speech.
advances in intelligent modelling and simulation,a hybrid emulation environment for airborne wireless networks.
advances in intelligent tutoring systems,affective tutors: automatic detection of and response to student emotion.
advances in machine learning i,knowledge discovery using rough set theory.
advances in machine learning ii,a system to detect inconsistencies between a domain expert's different perspectives on (classification) tasks.
advances in modern blind signal separation algorithms: theory and applications,advances in modern blind signal separation algorithms: theory and applications
advances in multi-channel resource allocation,advances in multi-channel resource allocation: throughput, delay, and complexity
advances in multi-objective nature inspired computing,paradiseo-moeo: a software framework for evolutionary multi-objective optimization.
advances in music information retrieval,harmonic and percussive sound separation and its application to mir-related tasks.
advances in probabilistic databases for uncertain information management,uncertain data: representations, query processing, and applications.|research in probabilistic spatiotemporal databases: the spot framework.
advances in reflectometric sensing for industrial applications,advances in reflectometric sensing for industrial applications
advances in semantic media adaptation and personalization,a multi-purpose ontology-based approach for personalised content filtering and retrieval.
advances in social media analysis,coros: a multi-agent software architecture for cooperative and autonomous service robots.
advances in telerobotics,proprio and teleoperation of a robotic system for disabled persons' assistance in domestic environments.|the human role in telerobotics.
advances in type-2 fuzzy sets and systems,construction of interval type-2 fuzzy sets from fuzzy sets: methods and applications.
advances in ubiquitous user modelling,semantic integration of adaptive educational systems.
advances in waveform-agile sensing for tracking,advances in waveform-agile sensing for tracking
advances in web intelligence and data mining,an adaptive pc to mobile web contents transcoding system based on mpeg-21 multimedia framework.|routing using messengers in sparse and disconnected mobile sensor networks.|adding support to user interaction in egovernment environment.|dlaip: a description logic based approach for dynamic semantic web services composition.
advances in web semantics i,models of interaction as a grounding for peer to peer knowledge sharing.
advances of computational intelligence in industrial systems,dicom-based multidisciplinary platform for clinical decision support: needs and direction.
advances on superelliptic curves and their applications,theta functions of superelliptic curves.|the case for superelliptic curves.|advances on superelliptic curves and their applications
advances onto the internet of things,chatbots as interface to ontologies.|an integrated system for advanced multi-risk management based on cloud for iot.
adversarial and uncertain reasoning for adaptive cyber defense,mtd techniques for memory protection against zero-day attacks.
adversarial machine learning,adversarial machine learning
aerial robotic manipulation,combining assembly planning and geometric task planning.
affect and emotion in human-computer interaction,emotional experience and interaction design.
afra-verlag,zukunft betriebsinformatik: d. entwicklung e. curriculums zur qualifizierung arbeitsloser lehrer u. geisteswiss.
agent and multi-agent technology for internet and enterprise systems,a role-based cognitive architecture for multi-agent teaming.|performance models for multi-agent systems and mobile agent network.
agent-based optimization,team of a-teams - a study of the cooperation between program agents solving difficult optimization problems.
agent-based service-oriented computing,future directions.
agents and ambient intelligence,embedding agents within ambient intelligent applications.|multi-agent based social simulation applied to validation of location services.
agriculture and environment perspectives in intelligent systems,minimum temperature prediction models in plots to forecast frost in crops.
ai and ml for digital pathology,interpretable deep neural network to predict estrogen receptor status from haematoxylin-eosin images.|sample quality as basic prerequisite for data quality: a quality management system for biobanks.
aka,case retrieval nets as a model for building flexible information systems.|wissensentdeckung in datenbanken mit assoziationsregeln: verfahren zur effizienten regelgenerierung und deren integration in den wissensentdeckungsprozeß.|erklärungsfähigkeit kooperierender regelbasierter expertensysteme zum diagnostischen problemlösen.|hierarchical joint learning for natural language generation.|efficient source selection and benchmarking for sparql endpoint query federation.|zweistufige kontextsensitive sprecherklassifikation am beispiel von alter und geschlecht.|trust based recommendations in multi-layer networks.|neon methodology for building ontology networks: specification, scheduling and reuse.|querying a web of linked data.|semantische dreidimensionale karten für autonome mobile roboter.|ubiquitous user modeling.|situated interaction on spatial topics.|temporal pattern mining in dynamic environments.|live geography: standardised geo-sensor webs for real-time monitoring in urban environments.|anfrageoptimierung in objektrelationalen datenbanken durch kostenbedingte termersetzungen.|zur robustheit eines modellgestützten verfolgungsansatzes in videos von straßenverkehrszenen.|decision-theoretic planning for user-adaptive systems: dealing with multiple goals and resource limitations.|routenauswahl in transportnetzen.|effiziente lösungsverfahren für sichtbarkeitsprobleme in der realitätsnahen bildsynthese.|migrating characters: effective user guidance in instrumented environments.|knowledge-intensive subgroup mining: techniques for automatic and interactive discovery.|agile development of diagnostic knowledge systems.|user modeling servers: requirements, design, and evaluation.
aka akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka gmbh, berlin,a framework for the consistent usage of tag based mashups.|conceptual modeling for xml.|modelling of natural dialogues in the context of speech-based information and control systems.|konzeption und realisierung einer rfid-middleware-architektur für mobile systeme.|from mining to mapping and roundtrip transformations: a systematic approach to model-based tool integration.
akad. verlag,ein beitrag zur schnellen, sicheren kommunikation zwischen heterogenen automatisierungssystemen am beispiel eines parallel vernetzten prozessdatenverarbeitungssystems.|die anwendung von neuronalen netzen in der marketingforschung.
akademie-verlag,innovative schriftlichkeit in digitalen texten: syntaktische variation und stilistische differenzierung in chat und forum.|ein operatives numerisches system der kontrolle und analyse meteorologischer felder für die numerische wettervorhersage im nationalen meteorologischen zentrum der ddr.
akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka,probabilistic semantic web: reasoning and learning.
akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka gmbh,supporting communication in spatially distributed groups: privacy as a service for ambient intelligence.|word embeddings: reliability & semantic change.|concepts and algorithms for computing maximum entropy distributions for knowledge bases with relational probabilistic conditionals.
akademischer verlag heinz,untersuchungen zur deutschen fachsprache der elektronischen datenverarbeitung (edv): e. morphemat.-semant. analyse d. substantivbenennungen.
algebraic aspects of digital communications,a variant of the reidemeister-schreier algorithm for the fundamental groups of riemann surfaces.|theta functions and algebraic curves with automorphisms.|divisibility, smoothness and cryptographic applications.|algebraic aspects of digital communications
algebraic foundations of systems specification,from total equational to partial first-order logic.|algebraic specification of concurrent systems.|proof systems for structured specifications and their refinements.
algorithm engineering,route planning in transportation networks.
algorithms and software for predictive and perceptual modeling of speech,algorithms and software for predictive and perceptual modeling of speech
algorithms for next generation networks,fast packet pattern-matching algorithms.|in-network monitoring.|model-based anomaly detection for a transparent optical transmission system.
algorithms for reinforcement learning,algorithms for reinforcement learning
algorithms from and for nature and life,identification of risk factors in coronary bypass surgery.
aliasing in object-oriented programming,alias analysis for object-oriented programs.|the geneva convention on the treatment of object aliasing.
ambient intelligence in everyday,speaker identification and speech recognition using phased arrays.|a smart electric wheelchair using upnp.|common sense reasoning - from cyc to intelligent assistant.|a middleware for the deployment of ambient intelligent spaces.
ambient intelligence in everyday life,ambient intelligence in everyday life - foreword by emile aarts
an anthropology of services,an anthropology of services: toward a practice approach to designing services
an easy path to convex analysis and applications,an easy path to convex analysis and applications
an introduction to constraint-based temporal reasoning,an introduction to constraint-based temporal reasoning
an introduction to duplicate detection,an introduction to duplicate detection
an introduction to kalman filtering with matlab examples,an introduction to kalman filtering with matlab examples
an introduction to logic circuit testing,an introduction to logic circuit testing
an introduction to models of online peer-to-peer social networking,an introduction to models of online peer-to-peer social networking
an introduction to multivariable mathematics,an introduction to multivariable mathematics
an introduction to partial differential equations,an introduction to partial differential equations
an introduction to the locally-corrected nyström method,an introduction to the locally-corrected nyström method
an introduction to the planning domain definition language,an introduction to the planning domain definition language
an introduction to verification of visualization techniques,an introduction to verification of visualization techniques
an outline of informational genetics,an outline of informational genetics
analyse statistique implicative,utilisation de la statistique implicative pour la construction d'un référentiel de compétences comportementales.
analysis and design of intelligent systems using soft computing techniques,design of modular neural networks with fuzzy integration applied to time series prediction.|adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic for intelligent home environment.|modular neural networks with fuzzy integration applied for time series forecasting.|building fuzzy inference systems with the interval type-2 fuzzy logic toolbox.
analysis and design of substrate integrated waveguide using efficient 2d hybrid method,analysis and design of substrate integrated waveguide using efficient 2d hybrid method
analysis and design of transmitarray antennas,analysis and design of transmitarray antennas
analysis and visualization of citation network,analysis and visualization of citation network
analysis of oriented texture with applications to the detection of architectural distortion in mammograms,analysis of oriented texture with applications to the detection of architectural distortion in mammograms
analysis of ssr in dfig-based wind farms,analysis of sub-synchronous resonance (ssr) in doubly-fed induction generator (dfig)-based wind farms
analysis of the mpeg-1 layer iii (mp3) algorithm using matlab,analysis of the mpeg-1 layer iii (mp3) algorithm using matlab
analysis techniques for information security,analysis techniques for information security
analytical performance modeling for computer systems,analytical performance modeling for computer systems
analytical performance modeling for computer systems, second edition,analytical performance modeling for computer systems, second edition
analytical performance modeling for computer systems, third edition,analytical performance modeling for computer systems, third edition
analytical solutions for two ferromagnetic nanoparticles immersed in a magnetic field,analytical solutions for two ferromagnetic nanoparticles immersed in a magnetic field: mathematical model in bispherical coordinates
analytical techniques for solving nonlinear partial differential equations,analytical techniques for solving nonlinear partial differential equations
analyzing analytics,analyzing analytics
anaphora resolution - algorithms, resources, and applications,annotated corpora and annotation tools.
anatomy ontologies for bioinformatics,the smart atlas: spatial and semantic strategies for multiscale integration of brain data.
anchor academic publishing,a generic model of ontology to visualize information science domain (ois).
ancient hindu science,ancient hindu science: its transmission and impact on world cultures
annual review of cybertherapy and telemedicine,effectiveness evaluation for short-term group pre-deployment vr computer-assisted stress inoculation training provided to polish isaf soldiers.
anomaly detection as a service,anomaly detection as a service: challenges, advances, and opportunities
answer set solving in practice,answer set solving in practice
answering queries using views,answering queries using views
answering queries using views (2nd edition),answering queries using views, second edition
antennas with non-foster matching networks,antennas with non-foster matching networks
anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory,anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory: from matlab to smartphones
anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory (2nd edition),anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory: from matlab to smartphones, second edition
application design for wearable computing,application design for wearable computing
application of semantic technology in biodiversity science,'computable' phenotypes enable comparative and predictive phenomics among plant species and across domains of life.
applications of affine and weyl geometry,applications of affine and weyl geometry
applications of computational intelligence in biology,computational intelligence in electrophysiology: trends and open problems.
applications of computational intelligence in biomedical technology,usage of industrial computed tomography for evaluation of custom-made implants.
applications of intelligent optimization in biology and medicine,optimized tumor breast cancer classification using combining random subspace and static classifiers selection paradigms.|medline text mining: an enhancement genetic algorithm based approach for document clustering.
applications of neural networks in high assurance systems,immune systems inspired approach to anomaly detection, fault localization and diagnosis in automotive engines.
applications of sliding mode control,robust control of a photovoltaic battery system via fuzzy sliding mode approach.|particle swarm optimization based sliding mode control design: application to a quadrotor vehicle.
applications of social media and social network analysis,combining social, audiovisual and experiment content for enhanced cultural experiences.
applications of supervised and unsupervised ensemble methods,a personal antispam system based on a behaviour-knowledge space approach.|independent data model selection for ensemble dispersion forecasting.
applications of zero-suppressed decision diagrams,applications of zero-suppressed decision diagrams
applied graph theory in computer vision and pattern recognition,graph sequence visualisation and its application to computer network monitoring and abnormal event detection.
applied pattern recognition,matching of hypergraphs - algorithms, applications, and experiments.
apprimus verlag,part-of-speech tagging and detection of social media texts.|alternative clustering in subspace projections.|integration of communication and power networks for planning and optimization of smart grids.|systematische verbesserung von prozessen für it-dienstleistungen.|natural interaction with audio playback: tapping physical skills.|abstractions for performance programming on multi-core architectures with hierarchical memory.|productivity and software development effort estimation in high-performance computing.|a reference architecture and implementation enabling data protection in distributed elearning and escience processes.|informationssystem-architekturen produzierender unternehmen bei software-definierten plattformen.|predictive analytics and protection of massive data.|data management for erobotics applications.|modular programming of adaptive cax manufacturing process chains.|efficient similarity search in large multimedia databases.
apprimus-verlag,technology acceptance and diabetes: user centered design of small screen devices for diabetes patients.|gestaltung des einsatzes von intelligenten objekten in produktion und logistik.|raumgeist prototypen der raumunterstützenden technik.|combined clustering of graph and attribute data.
approaches to legal rationality,the law of evidence and labelled deduction: a position paper.|relevance in the law.|logic and the law: crossing the lines of discipline.
approximability of optimization problems through adiabatic quantum computation,approximability of optimization problems through adiabatic quantum computation
aq-verlag,die entzeichnung einfacher französischer texte: beitr. zur algorithm. grammatik.|natürlichsprachliche programmierung von konstruktionen in einem geometrischen modell.
architecting the digital transformation,architecting digital products and services.
architectural and operating system support for virtual memory,architectural and operating system support for virtual memory
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part i,arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part i
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part ii,arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part ii
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! third edition,arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! third edition
arduino microcontroller: processing for everyone! second edition,arduino microcontroller: processing for everyone! second edition
argesim-asim-verlag,erweiterung eines wissenschaftlich-technischen berechnungs- und visualisierungssystems zu einer entwicklungsumgebung für paralelle applikationen / s. pawletta.
arguing on the toulmin model,the toulmin test: framing argumentation within belief revision theories.|introduction.|translating toulmin diagrams: theory neutrality in argument representation.|from arguments to decisions: extending the toulmin view.|arguing on the toulmin model
argumentation machines,the persuasion machine.|computational models of rhetorical argument.
argumentation mining,argumentation mining
array grammars, patterns and recognizers,encryption-decryption techniques for pictures.|siromoney array grammars and applications.|the simulation of two-dimensional one-marker automata by three-way turing machines.|two-dimensional three-way array grammars and their acceptors.|parallel generation of finite images.|context-sensitivity of two-dimensional regular array grammars.|generating rectangles using two-dimensional grammars with time and space complexity analyses.|finite images generated by gl-systems.
ars una,schreibprozess und computer.|symbol, geist und computer: der symbolbegriff in philosophie und kognitionswissenschaft und seine beziehung zur erforschung des geistes.|informationsmanagement als aushandlungsprozess: analyse innerbetrieblicher planungs- und entscheidungsprozesse auf grundlage empirischer untersuchungen zur einführung komplexer bürokommunikationssysteme in der deutschen mittel- und grossindustrie.
art and communication,datenschutz und datensicherheit im internet: verantwortung und kontrolle.
artdeco,putting it all together: using the artdeco approach in the wine business domain.
articulation and intelligibility,articulation and intelligibility
articulatory speech synthesis from the fluid dynamics of the vocal apparatus,articulatory speech synthesis from the fluid dynamics of the vocal apparatus
artificial general intelligence,contemporary approaches to artificial general intelligence.|the novamente artificial intelligence engine.|artificial general intelligence
artificial intelligence applications in information and communication technologies,applying information extraction for abstracting and automating cli-based configuration of network devices in heterogeneous environments.
artificial intelligence in recognition and classification of astrophysical and medical images,advanced feature recognition and classification using artificial intelligence paradigms.
artificial intelligence methods and tools for systems biology,a data-driven, flexible machine learning strategy for the classification of biomedical data.
artificial intelligence techniques for computer graphics,collaborative evaluation using multiple clusters in a declarative design environment.
artificial intelligence, evolutionary computing and metaheuristics,image processing with spiking neuron networks.
artificial intelligence: an international perspective,agents, intelligence and tools.
artificial organs,artificial organs
aschendorff,intentionalität und reflexion: bausteine zu einer hermeneutischen kognitionswissenschaft.
asgard-verlag hippe,automation in der sozialversicherung: rechtsfragen zwischen techn. u. sozialer realisation.
aspects of automatic text analysis,system theoretical research on language and communication: the extended experimental-simulative method.
aspects of differential geometry i,aspects of differential geometry i
aspects of differential geometry ii,aspects of differential geometry ii
aspects of differential geometry iv,aspects of differential geometry iv
assistive technology design for intelligence augmentation,assistive technology design for intelligence augmentation
assurances for self-adaptive systems,model checking adaptive software with featured transition systems.|verification of a self-configuration protocol for distributed applications in the cloud.
asynchronous sequential machine design and analysis,asynchronous sequential machine design and analysis: a comprehensive development of the design and analysis of clock-independent state machines and systems
athenäum,on some variable population size: issues in welfare economics.
atlantis press,real-world reasoning: toward scalable, uncertain spatiotemporal, contextual and causal inference
atmel avr microcontroller primer,atmel avr microcontroller primer: programming and interfacing
atmel avr microcontroller primer, second edition,atmel avr microcontroller primer: programming and interfacing, second edition
augustinus-buchh.,gestaltungsperspektiven für mensch-maschine-interaktion im lichte der struktureigenschaften sprachlicher kommunikation.
automated grammatical error detection for language learners,automated grammatical error detection for language learners
automated grammatical error detection for language learners, second edition,automated grammatical error detection for language learners, second edition
automated metadata in multimedia information systems,automated metadata in multimedia information systems: creation, refinement, use in surrogates, and evaluation
automated reasoning for systems biology and medicine,logic and linear programs to understand cancer response.|set-based analysis for biological modeling.|metastable regimes and tipping points of biochemical networks with potential applications in precision medicine.|models, devices, properties, and verification of artificial pancreas systems.
automated scheduling and planning,automated shift design and break scheduling.
automated software diversity,automated software diversity
automatic detection of verbal deception,automatic detection of verbal deception
autonomous control for a reliable internet of services,state of the art and research challenges in the area of autonomous control for a reliable internet of services.
autonomous systems: developments and trends,a novel real-time emotion detection system for advanced driver assistance systems.
av-verlag,ein programmsystem zur beratung und durchführung von analysen im bereich der numerischen taxonomie.
avm, munich, germany,modeling and model-based testing of service choreographies: modeling and model-based service integration testing for service-oriented architectures.
awareness systems,supporting family awareness with the whereabouts clock.|measuring affective benefits and costs of mediated awareness: development and validation of the abc-questionnaire.|awareness of daily life activities.|situatedness of awareness information: impact on the design and usage of awareness systems.
background subtraction: theory and practice,background subtraction: theory and practice
bad to the bone, 2nd edition,bad to the bone: crafting electronic systems with beaglebone black, second edition
bad to the bone: crafting electronic systems with beaglebone and beaglebone black,bad to the bone: crafting electronic systems with beaglebone and beaglebone black
bandwidth extension of speech using perceptual criteria,bandwidth extension of speech using perceptual criteria
basic feedback controls in biomedicine,basic feedback controls in biomedicine
basic probability theory for biomedical engineers,basic probability theory for biomedical engineers
basic simulation models of phase tracking devices using matlab,basic simulation models of phase tracking devices using matlab
bats codes,bats codes: theory and practice
bayesian analysis in natural language processing (2nd edition),bayesian analysis in natural language processing, second edition
beck,softwareüberlassung als sachkauf: ausgewählte rechtsprobleme des erwerbs von standardsoftware.|rechtsfragen des kreditvertriebs über internet.|beschreibung von deformationsprozessen durch volterra- und fuzzy-modelle sowie neuronale netze.|modelle und algorithmen für das facetten-stereosehen.|automatische extraktion urbaner straßennetze aus luftbildern.|know-how-schutz von computersoftware: eine rechtsvergleichende untersuchung der wettbewerbsrechtlichen schutzmöglichkeiten in deutschland und den usa.|urkundenbeweisrecht und elektroniktechnologie: eine studie zur tauglichkeit gesetzlicher beweisregeln für elektronische dokumente und ihre reproduktionen im zivilprozess.|kontextsensitive bildinterpretation mit markoff-zufallsfeldern.|computerwartung: ausgewählte rechtsprobleme der wartung von edv-systemen.|modelling and inversion of high precision gravity data.|informationstechnik am richterarbeitsplatz: gerichts-edv, datenbanken, berechnungsprogramme, standardsoftware, entwicklung juristischer programme.|softwarenutzungsverträge im spannungsfeld von urheber- und kartellrecht.|korrelationsrechnung in stereobildpaaren zur automatischen gewinnung von digitalen geländemodellen, orthophotos und höhenlinienplänen.|erfassung von strassenverkehrsdaten mit elektro-optischem sensor und automatischer bildauswertung.|haftung im netz: verantwortlichkeit für urheber-, marken- und wettbewerbsrechtsverletzungen nach § 5 tdg und § 5 mdstv.|lernen struktureller modelle für die bildanalyse.|gebäudeerfassung aus digitalen oberflächenmodellen.|interaktiver aufbau hochqualitativer digitaler geländemodelle an photogrammetrischen stereosystemen.|die prüfung der sanierungsfähigkeit notleidender unternehmen: grundlagen, durchführung und unterstützung durch expertensysteme.|erfassung unstetiger oberflächen aus digitalen bilddaten durch flächen- und kantenzuordnung.|ergänzender leistungsschutz und computersoftware: rechtsschutz für innovative arbeitsergebnisse durch uwg und bgb.|die registrierungspraktiken für internet-domain-namen in der eu.|ein photogrammetrisches verfahren zur modellgestützten objektrekonstruktion.|segmentierung und interpretation digitaler bilder mit markoff-zufallsfeldern.|automatische wissensbasierte extraktion von semantischer information aus gescannten karten.|sui-generis-schutz für datenbanken: die eg-datenbankrichtlinie vor dem hintergrund des nordischen rechts.|kartengestützte interpretation monokularer luftbilder.|dreidimensionale qualitative gebäuderekonstruktion.|modellierung geometrisch-topologischer daten zur beschreibung und berechnung netzartiger und flächenhafter strukturen.|bildsequenzanalyse für die passive navigation.|der schutz von datenbanken und informationssammlungen im britischen und deutschen recht: eine vergleichende untersuchung des rechtszustandes nach umsetzung der europäischen datenbankrichtlinie unter berücksichtigung des urheberrechts, des datenbankherstellerrechts und des wettbewerbsrechts.|genauigkeit geometrischer grössen aus vektordaten.|zuordnung von raumbezogenen daten: am beispiel der datenmodelle atkis und gdf.|web advertising, nutzerprofile und teledienstedatenschutz.|ein modell für die hochgenaue navigation autonomer flächenbeweglicher fahrzeuge.|ein verfahren zur rekonstruktion von dreidimensionalen objektmodellen aus digitalen bilddaten.|einfluss von bildkompressionsverfahren auf die qualität der digitalen punktübertragung.|internetapotheken: rechtliche probleme der heilmittelwerbung im internet und die zulässigkeit des e-commerce mit arzneimitteln.|extraktion polymorpher bildstrukturen und ihre topologische und geometrische gruppierung.|ein beitrag zur kartographischen mustererkennung mittels methoden der künstlichen intelligenz.|objektgestützte mehrbildzuordnung.|unsichere topologische beziehungen zwischen ungenauen flächen.|zur integration von vektor- und rasterdaten in geo-informationssystemen: theoretische und praktische aspekte der quadtree-struktur für geometrie-daten.|analyse und vergleich unterschiedlicher modelle der dreidimensionalen geodäsie.|entwurf digitaler zweidimensionaler nichtrekursiver filter.|autoregressive modelle für die texturanalyse in digitalen bildern.|analyse der form und lage von objekten im raum.|rechtshandlungen mittels edv und telekommunikation: zurechenbarkeit und haftung.|funktionalität des internetbasierten 3d-campus-informationssystems der universität karlsruhe (ciska).
becker und schulz,einsatz paralleler rechner in prozeßsteuerung und sensorik.
behaviour monitoring and interpretation,kopal - an orientation system for patients with dementia.|predicting daily physical activity in a lifestyle intervention program.
belief revision meets philosophy of science,agm theory and artificial intelligence.|using conceptual spaces to model the dynamics of empirical theories.|changing minds about climate change: belief revision, coherence, and emotion.|rationality in flux - formal representations of methodological change.|reasoning about belief revision.|social norms, rational choice and belief change.
beltz,faktorenanalyse: ein mythos?: histor. u. konzeptionelle unters. d. faktorenanalyse u. intelligenzforschung.
benchmarking peer-to-peer systems,introduction.|decentralized monitoring in peer-to-peer systems.|peer-to-peer overlays for online games.|content delivery overlays.|structured search overlays.|benchmarking methodology.|benchmarking peer-to-peer systems - understanding quality of service in large-scale distributed systems|service overlays.
berlin-verlag spitz,rechnergestützte leitungsinformationssysteme in kombinaten und betrieben der ddr-industrie.
berliner zentrum für mechatronische medizintechnik,hardwarebeschleunigte parallele volumenrekonstruktion für die intraoperative kegelstrahl-computertomographie mit beliebigen aufnahmetrajektorien.
bertz,temporal language of transitions and client server systems.|data-independent versus data-dependent computations on multi-head automata.|symbolische analysemethoden für algebraische petrinetze.|petrinetzmodelle verteilter algorithmen: beweistechnik und intuition.|event detection in active databases.|modularer entwurf verteilter systeme mit petrinetzen.|kausalität, nebenläufigkeit und konflikt: elementare netzsysteme aus topologisch-relationaler sicht.|modellierung und analyse verzögerungs-unabhängiger schaltungen mit petrinetzen.|formale modellierung asynchroner systeme.|verification of modal properties using boolean equation systems.
best practices in computer network defense,back to basics: beyond network hygiene.|computer network defense: new threats and trends.|conclusions.|coordination and cooperation in cyber network defense: the dutch efforts to prevent and respond.
between logic and reality,between logic and reality - modeling inference, action and understanding
beuth,anforderungsgerechte datenermittlung für fertigungssteuerungssysteme.|methodische neugestaltung von normen als grundlage für eine integration in den rechnerunterstützten konstruktionsprozess.|entwicklung eines systemkonzeptes zur wissensbasierten, systemtechnisch unterstützten versuchsmethodik.
bi-wiss.-verlag,wissensbasierte qualitätsassistenz zur konstruktion von prüfstrategien für softwarekomponenten.|digitaler optischer computer: architektur und algorithmen.|sicherheit für offene kommunikation: verbindliche telekooperation.|iterierte funktionen, sprachen und fraktale.
bi-wissenschaftsverlag,risiken elektronischer datenübermittlung im banken-, handels- und behördenbereich: eine risikoanalyse aus technisch-wirtschaftlich-kriminologisch-rechtlicher sicht.
big data and internet of things,ipromotion: a cloud-based platform for virtual reality internet advertising.
bio-inspired algorithms for the vehicle routing problem,evita: an integral evolutionary methodology for the inventory and transportation problem.
bio-inspired hybrid intelligent systems for image analysis and pattern recognition,a survey of applications of the extensions of fuzzy sets to image processing.
bio-inspired self-organizing robotic systems,basic problems in self-assembling robots and a case study of segregation on tribolon platform.
bio-inspiring cyber security and cloud services,cloud services discovery and selection: survey and new semantic-based system.|electrocardiogram (ecg): a new burgeoning utility for biometric recognition.|biometric and traditional mobile authentication techniques: overviews and open issues.|bio-inspiring cyber security and cloud services: trends and innovations|cybercrime investigation challenges: middle east and north africa.|security issues on cloud data services.
bio-medical cmos ics,neurostimulation design from an energy and information transfer perspective.
bioinstrumentation,bioinstrumentation
biomedical data and applications,towards bioinformatics resourceomes.|mining clinical, immunological, and genetic data of solid organ transplantation.
biomedical image analysis: segmentation,biomedical image analysis: segmentation
biomedical image analysis: tracking,biomedical image analysis: tracking
biomedical signals and systems,biomedical signals and systems
biomedical technology assessment: the 3q method,biomedical technology assessment: the 3q method
bionanotechnology,bionanotechnology
birkhäuser,solving higher order equations: from logic to programming.|customer based ip service monitoring with mobile software agents.|first order representations of linear systems.
bisociative knowledge discovery,semantic subgroup discovery and cross-context linking for microarray data analysis.
blockchain cybersecurity, trust and privacy,scrybe: a second-generation blockchain technology with lightweight mining for secure provenance and related applications.
blunk,entwurf und implementierung eines verteilten systems zum metacomputer-management.|werkzeugunterstützte effiziente nutzung von hochleistungsrechnern.
bochumer universitäts-verlag,energy-efficient architectures for time-critical lte protocol stack algorithms in mobile terminals.
bod,a framework for model-driven scientific workflow engineering.
bod - books on demand,performance benchmarking of application monitoring frameworks.
bod books on demand,gate stack engineering for emerging polarization based non-volatile memories.
body tracking in healthcare,body tracking in healthcare
books on demand,models of software architecture: design and analysis with uml and petri nets.|changes and bugs: mining and predicting software development activities.|ein föderiertes intrusion-detection-system für grids.
books on demand gmbh,model-driven online capacity management for component-based software systems.|conformance checking and simulation-based evolutionary optimization for deployment and reconfiguration of software in the cloud.|self-adaptive performance monitoring for component-based software systems.|kommunikative aneignung von fernsehserien und mediale kommunikationskultur: allyde_372yahoogroups.de.|new acquisition techniques for real objects and light sources in computer graphics.|benutzerprofile für die anfrageverarbeitung in verteilten digitalen bibliotheken.|underwater 3d reconstruction based on physical models for refraction and underwater light propagation.|webliteralität: lesen und schreiben im world wide web.|simulation and animation of visual languages based on typed algebraic graph transformation.|zur auswertung lokaler grauwertstrukturen.
books on demand, norderstedt, germany,roboterarchitekturen.|entwicklung und bewertung zeitkritischer softwaremodelle: simulationsbasierter ansatz und methodik.
boolean differential equations,boolean differential equations
botermann und botermann,bürokommunikation und personalwirtschaft: wirtschafts- und berufspädagogische perspektiven des informationstechnologischen und sozioökonomischen wandels.|grundlegende steuerungsmodelle im unternehmensbereich: darstellung, analyse und vergleich ; ein beitrag zur neuen politischen ökonomie.|neuronale netze als hilfsmittel zur rendite- und risikoschätzung von aktien.
botnet detection,towards sound detection of virtual machines.|automatically identifying trigger-based behavior in malware.
brain-computer interface research (3),a concurrent brain-machine interface for enhanced sequential motor function.
brain-computer interface research (4),semi-autonomous hybrid brain-machine interface.
brain-computer interface research (5),brain-machine interface development for finger movement control.
brain-computer interface research (6),trends in bci research i: brain-computer interfaces for assessment of patients with locked-in syndrome or disorders of consciousness.|towards online functional brain mapping and monitoring during awake craniotomy surgery using ecog-based brain-surgeon interface (bsi).
brain-computer interface research (7),gold standard for epilepsy/tumor surgery coupled with deep learning offers independence to a promising functional mapping modality.
brain-computer interfaces,advanced fmri and the brain computer interface.
brain-inspired information technology,brain-inspired emergence of behaviors based on values and curiosity in mobile robots.
brain-machine interface engineering,brain-machine interface engineering
bridging the gap between engineering and the global world,bridging the gap between engineering and the global world: a case study of the coconut (coir) fiber industry in kerala, india
british logic in the nineteenth century,preface.|de morgan's logic.|hugh maccoll and the birth of logical pluralism.|william stanley jevons and the substitution of similars.|bentham's logic.
broadband quantum cryptography,broadband quantum cryptography
brockmeyer,informations- und beratungssystem zur ergonomischen arbeitsgestaltung.|konzeption eines marktorientierten informationssystems für die strategische unternehmensführung der investitionsgüterindustrie.|wissensbasierte entscheidungsunterstützungssysteme: ein interdisziplinärer ansatz zur entwicklung eines problem- und benutzerorientierten gestaltungskonzepts.|konzeption einer matrizenbasierten planungssprache und datenbank zur erstellung betrieblicher planungs- und kontrollsysteme.|computergestützte konstruktion grosser wortklassensysteme.|pc-gestützte planung und kontrolle in mittelständischen unternehmen mit der planungssprache pdp (programmierung durch problemformulierung).
btu cottbus - senftenberg,linguistic interpretation of visual contents via deep learning.
budrich,online-forschung mit kindern.
building a better world with our information: the future of personal information management, part 3,building a better world with our information: the future of personal information management, part 3
bundesministerium der verteidigung, p ii 4,theoriegeleitete testkonstruktion: erfassung visueller analyseleistungen anhand neuartiger, computergenerierter "eingekleideter figur-aufgaben"
business processes: a database perspective,business processes: a database perspective
buske,grundlagen der automatisierbarkeit phonetischer transkription: eine theoretische und praktische untersuchung.|untersuchungen zur automatischen erkennung kooperativer sprecher über telefon.|sprechererkennung und ein ökonomisches verfahren zur automatischen verifizierung kooperativer sprecher.|expériences en reconnaissance de la parole: application à l'apprentissage des langues: le système microlea.|experten parsing: parsing u. wissensrepräsentation im texttheoret. rahmen.|adaption vorverarbeiteter sprachsignale zum erreichen der sprecherunabhängigkeit automatischer spracherkennungssysteme.
buske, hamburg, germany,automatische indexierung und syntaxanalyse: zur entwicklung sprachanalyt. komponenten von informationssystemen auf empir. grundlage ; mit zahlr. tab.
bwv, berliner wiss.-verlag,urheberpersönlichkeitsrecht und multimedia.|die verwertungsgesellschaftspflicht für urheberrechtliche vergütungsansprüche und ausschließliche verwertungsrechte.|urheberrecht im internet in österreich, deutschland und der eu: missbrauch, technische schutzmöglichkeiten und rechtliche flankierungen.
böhlau,bildschirmspiele und automatenspielstätten im freizeitalltag junger erwachsener: analysen zum forschungsstand mit einer qualitativen explorationsstudie über freizeit-, spiel- und mediengebrauch.|entwurf eines integrierten pädagogischen informationssystems.
bühlmann,computer-integriertes controlling (cic): ein konzept zum management zunehmender informationsmengen in der unternehmensführung.
c. raltchev,cybergewalt: bestandsaufnahme und grundlegende probleme aus völkerrechtlicher sicht.
cad/cam of sculptured surfaces on multi-axis nc machine: the dg/k-based approach,cad/cam of sculptured surfaces on multi-axis nc machine: the dg/k-based approach
campus-verlag,mensch-maschine-kommunikation: software, gestaltungspotentiale, sozialverträglichkeit.|die sozio-ökonomischen folgen des computereinsatzes: konsequenzen aus dem ende des technikdeterminismus.|film und computer: wie digitale bilder den spielfilm verändern.|die herrschaft der regel: zur grundlagengeschichte des computers.|informatik und grossforschung: geschichte der gesellschaft für mathematik und datenverarbeitung.|information und entropie: ökologische perspektiven des übergangs zu einer informationswirtschaft.|soziale alternativen in zahlungsnetzen.|politische projekte im internet: online-kommunikation und politische öffentlichkeit.|computer oder stöckelschuh?: eine empirische untersuchung über mädchen am computer.
capstone design courses, part ii: preparing biomedical engineers for the real world,capstone design courses, part ii: preparing biomedical engineers for the real world
capstone design courses: producing industry-ready biomedical engineers,capstone design courses: producing industry-ready biomedical engineers
carl heymanns verlag,soziale netzwerke im kartellrecht ; eine untersuchung zum wettbewerb um umfeld internetbasierter netzwerkmärkte unter berücksichtigung der auswirkungen von datensammlungen und des einflusses des datenschutzrechts im kartellrechtlichen kontext.
cartesian genetic programming,image processing and cgp.|problem decomposition in cartesian genetic programming.|evolution of electronic circuits.
case-based reasoning,case-based reasoning: a concise introduction
case-based reasoning on images and signals,similarity-based retrieval for biomedical applications.
causal inference in econometrics,seemingly unrelated regression based copula: an application on thai rice market.|the multivariate extended skew normal distribution and its quadratic forms.|price transmission mechanism in the thai rice market.|analysis of transmission and co-movement of rice export prices between thailand and vietnam.|modeling co-movement and risk management of gold and silver spot prices.|across-the-board spending cuts are very inefficient: a proof.|invariance explains multiplicative and exponential skedactic functions.|why some families of probability distributions are practically efficient: a symmetry-based explanation.|efficient frontier of global healthcare portfolios using high dimensions of copula models.|optimizing stock returns portfolio using the dependence structure between capital asset pricing models: a vine copula-based approach.
centaurus-verlag-ges.,schutz vor indiskretionen: e. rechtsvgl. darst. d. schutzes d. persönlichkeitssphäre vor informationsweitergabe in d. bundesrepublik deutschland, frankreich u.d. schweiz.|semiosis und topoi.|betriebsdatenerfassung: grundlegende kennzeichnung und gestaltungsmerkmale im rahmen der zeitlichen und qualitativen lenkung der industrieellen produktion.|integration von informations- und produktionstechnologien im industriebetrieb: unter besonderer berücksichtigung der problematik in der elektroindustrie.|technik - konstruktionen: neue technologien als soziologisches theorieproblem.|industrieroboter und arbeitsmarkt: versuch d. abschätzung quantitativer beschäftigungseffekte e. neuen technologie für d. bundesrepublik deutschland.|von der schmiegsamkeit zur einmischung: professionalisierung der chemikerinnen und informatikerinnen.|der schutz der programme für die datenverarbeitung im system des immaterialgüterrechts: ein beitrag zu den immaterialgüterrechtlichen kategorien geistiger schaffensergebnisse.|dornröschen in der arbeitswelt: berufliche neuorientierung ost- und westdeutscher frauen in edv-umschulungen.|überlegungen zur interpretation von §303a stgb.
centaurus-verlagsgesellschaft,auswirkungen neuer telekommunikationsmedien auf unternehmerische kommunikationsentscheidungen.|automatische graphische darstellung des kontrollflusses von rechnerprogrammen und rechenprozessen.|krankenhäuser und neuere technische kommunikationsmittel: zur kommunikationstechnolog. veranlassten veränderung d. optimalen betriebsgrössen von krankenhäusern.|untersuchung von handlungs- und entscheidungsabläufen des anästhesisten zur strukturierung eines informationssystems unter berücksichtigung ergonomischer gesichtspunkte.|automatenmissbrauch und rechtsschutz moderner automatensysteme.
challenges for computational intelligence,programming a parallel computer: the ersatz brain project.
challenges in computational statistics and data mining,network capacity bound for personalized bipartite pagerank.|adaptive monte carlo maximum likelihood.
challenging problems and solutions in intelligent systems,what nekst? - semantic search engine for polish internet.|challenging problems and solutions in intelligent systems
chance discoveries in real world decision making,conexsir: a dialogue-based framework of design team thinking and discovery.
chaos modeling and control systems design,application of some modern techniques in load frequency control in power systems.
chaos-based cryptography,chaos-based video encryption algorithms.|lessons learnt from the cryptanalysis of chaos-based ciphers.|digitized chaos for pseudo-random number generation in cryptography.
chaotic maps: dynamics, fractals, and rapid fluctuations,chaotic maps: dynamics, fractals, and rapid fluctuations
children's internet search,children's internet search: using roles to understand children's search behavior
chronobioengineering: introduction to biological rhythms with applications, volume 1,chronobioengineering: introduction to biological rhythms with applications, volume 1
chronos,eine welt im datenrausch: computeranlagen und datenmengen als gesellschaftliche herausforderung in der bundesrepublik deutschland (1965-1975).
circuit analysis with multisim,circuit analysis with multisim
cis,topics in dynamic semantics.|einfache deutsche verben: eine syntaktische und semantische beschreibung der verbalen simplizia für das elektronische lexikonsystem cislex.
classic works of the dempster-shafer theory of belief functions,a framework for evidential-reasoning systems.
classification and clustering for knowledge discovery,comparison between five classifiers for automatic scoring of human sleep recordings.
classification and data mining,the application of m-function analysis to the geographical distribution of earthquake sequence.|issues on clustering and data gridding.|a continuous time mover-stayer model for labor market in a northern italian area.|misspecification resistant model selection using information complexity with applications.
clear speech: technologies that enable the expression and reception of language,clear speech: technologies that enable the expression and reception of language
click models for web search,click models for web search
cloth simulation for computer graphics,cloth simulation for computer graphics
cloud computing,an efficient framework for running applications on clusters, grids, and clouds.
cloud computing for logistics,logistics software systems and functions: an overview of erp, wms, tms and scm systems.
cloud computing, 2nd ed.,big data analytics in healthcare: a cloud-based framework for generating insights.
cod-verlag,control flow graphs for real-time systems analysis: reconstruction from binary executables and usage in ilp-based path analysis.
code division multiple access (cdma),code division multiple access (cdma)
cognition, communication and interaction,multimedia archiving of technological change in a traditional creative industry: a case study of the dhokra artisans of bankura, west bengal.|'use' discourses in system development: can communication be improved?|knowledge in co-action: social intelligence in collaborative design activity.|building a pedagogy around action and emotion: experiences of blind opera of kolkata.
cognitive aspects of computational language acquisition,phon: a computational basis for phonological database building and model testing.
cognitive internet of things,multi-task deep learning for fine-grained classification/grading in breast cancer histopathological images.
collaborative web search: who, what, where, when, and why,collaborative web search: who, what, where, when, and why
combating bad weather part i,combating bad weather part i: rain removal from video
combating bad weather part ii,combating bad weather part ii: fog removal from image and video
combinatorial optimization - methods and applications,combinatorial optimization in vlsi design.|branching on split disjunctions.
combining experimentation and theory,mascot robot system based on fuzzy control technology.|a quantitative view on quasi fuzzy numbers.|on the paradoxical success of mamdani's minimum-based inference.
common ground in electronically mediated conversation,common ground in electronically mediated conversation
communication networks: a concise introduction,communication networks: a concise introduction, second edition|communication networks: a concise introduction
communications and discoveries from multidisciplinary data,communications and discoveries from multidisciplinary data
community detection and mining in social media,community detection and mining in social media
companion technology,multi-modal information processing incompanion-systems: a ticket purchase system.
compatibility modeling,compatibility modeling: data and knowledge applications for clothing matching
compiling algorithms for heterogeneous systems,compiling algorithms for heterogeneous systems
complex automated negotiations,the second automated negotiating agents competition (anac2011).
complex pattern mining,complex pattern mining - new challenges, methods and applications
complex system modelling and control through intelligent soft computations,signal based fault detection and diagnosis for rotating electrical machines: issues and solutions.|a hybrid global optimization algorithm: particle swarm optimization in association with a genetic algorithm.
complex systems in knowledge-based environments,a layered approach to composition and interoperation in complex systems.
component-based software development for embedded systems,connecting embedded devices using a component platform for adaptable protocol stacks.|component-based engineering of distributed embedded control software.
compound semiconductor materials and devices,compound semiconductor materials and devices
comprehensive approach as "sine qua non" for critical infrastructure protection,outsourcing as an important source of risk in the management of terrorist threats.|improving critical infrastructure protection and resilience against terrorism cyber threats.
computable models of the law, languages, dialogues, games, ontologies,retrieval of case law to provide layman with information about liability: preliminary results of the best-project.
computational approaches to analogical reasoning,how similar is what i get to what i want: matchmaking for mobility support.
computational approaches to assistive technologies for people with disabilities,detecting and rating dementia of alzheimer type through lexical analysis of spontaneous speech.
computational aspects of cooperative game theory,computational aspects of cooperative game theory
computational complexity and property testing,a probabilistic error-correcting scheme that provides partial secrecy.
computational electronics,computational electronics
computational genomic signatures,computational genomic signatures
computational intelligence and bioengineering,short-term time-to-event model of response to treatment following the gimema protocol for acute myeloid leukaemia.
computational intelligence and efficiency in engineering systems,identification and classification of objects and motions in microscopy images of biological samples using heuristic algorithms.
computational intelligence and quantitative software engineering,evolutionary computation for software product line testing: an overview and open challenges.
computational intelligence applications in modeling and control,back-propagation neural network for gender determination in forensic anthropology.|a computational intelligence optimization algorithm based on the behavior of the social-spider.
computational intelligence based on lattice theory,genetically engineered art architectures.
computational intelligence for agent-based systems,agent-controlled sharing of distributed resources in user networks.|a third-generation telecare system using fuzzy ambient intelligence.
computational intelligence for decision support in cyber-physical systems,ts fuzzy approach for fault detection in nonlinear cyber physical systems.|a comparison of pulse compression techniques for ranging applications.
computational intelligence for modelling and prediction,an integrity estimation using fuzzy logic.
computational intelligence for privacy and security,intelligence techniques in computer security and forensics: at the boundaries of ethics and law.|som-based techniques towards hierarchical visualisation of network forensics traffic data.
computational intelligence for semantic knowledge management,semantic maps for knowledge management of web and social information.
computational intelligence for technology enhanced learning,computational intelligence methods for data analysis and mining of elearning activities.
computational intelligence in automotive applications,intelligent control of mobility systems.
computational intelligence in bioinformatics,the amine system project: systems biology in practice.
computational intelligence in biomedicine and bioinformatics,integrating local and personalised modelling with global ontology knowledge bases for biomedical and bioinformatics decision support.
computational intelligence in digital forensics,integrating computational methods for forensic identification of drugs by tlc, gc and uv techniques.
computational intelligence in information assurance and security,smart card security.
computational intelligence in medical informatics,integration of brain-gene ontology and simulation systems for learning, modelling and discovery.
computational intelligence in reliability engineering,new evolutionary methodologies for integrated safety system design and maintenance optimization.
computational intelligence paradigms,computational intelligence paradigms, innovative applications
computational intelligence paradigms in advanced pattern classification,moving object detection from mobile platforms using stereo data registration.
computational intelligence, medicine and biology - selected links,a fuzzy logic approach to measure of weight status and central fatness in adults and adolescents.|estimation of a healthcare system based on the importance analysis.|biomimicry of crowd evacuation with a slime mould cellular automaton model.
computational intelligence: a compendium,data mining in qos-aware media grids.
computational issues in fluid construction grammar,computational construction grammar: comparing ecg and fcg.
computational linguistics - applications,fextor: a feature extraction framework for natural language processing: a case study in word sense disambiguation, relation recognition and anaphora resolution.|using hfst for creating computational linguistic applications.|techniques for multilingual security-related event extraction from online news.
computational logic,computerising mathematical text.
computational methods for integrating vision and language,computational methods for integrating vision and language
computational methods for the innovative design of electrical devices,applications examples.|methods of homogenization of laminated structures.|ridge polynomial neural network for non-destructive eddy current evaluation.|optimization of wound rotor synchronous generators based on genetic algorithms.|magnetically nonlinear iron core characteristics of transformers determined by differential evolution.|weight reduction of electromagnet in magnetic levitation system for contactless delivery application.|fast algorithms for the design of complex-shape devices in electromechanics.
computational modeling of narrative,computational modeling of narrative
computational models of complex systems,probabilistic european country risk score forecasting using a diffusion model.
computational optimization and applications in engineering and industry,parameter estimation from laser flash experiment data.
computational optimization, methods and algorithms,evolutionary algorithms applied to multi-objective aerodynamic shape optimization.|optimizing complex multi-location inventory models using particle swarm optimization.|derivative-free optimization.|surrogate-based methods.
computational social network analysis,web communities defined by web page content.|analysis and visualization of relations in elearning.
computational sustainability,feeding the world with big data: uncovering spectral characteristics and dynamics of stressed plants.
computational textile,computation of permeability of textile with experimental validation for monofilament and non crimp fabrics.|computational investigation of thermoregulatory effects of multi-layer pcm textile assembly.
computational texture and patterns,computational texture and patterns: from textons to deep learning
computeam,dezentrale elektronische bekanntmachung öffentlicher ausschreibungen.|datenmodellierung: vorgehensmodell zur konstruktion und einführung einer unternehmensweiten, konzeptionellen datenstruktur.|aufbau und einführung strategischer informationssysteme: dargestellt am beispiel deutscher grossbanken.
computer algebra and polynomials,some results on the surjectivity of surface parametrizations.|computer algebra and polynomials - applications of algebra and number theory|ore polynomials in sage.
computer and information science,development of experience-based learning support system for realization of exact cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
computer architecture performance evaluation methods,computer architecture performance evaluation methods
computer architecture techniques for power-efficiency,computer architecture techniques for power-efficiency
computer recognition systems 2,the prediction of fetal outcome by applying neural network for evaluation of ctg records.
computer recognition systems 3,analysis of variability of isopotential areas features in sequences of eeg maps.
computer recognition systems 4,a shape description language for osteophytes detection in upper surfaces of the metacarpophalangeal joints.
computer techniques for dynamic modeling of dc-dc power converters,computer techniques for dynamic modeling of dc-dc power converters
computer vision and shape recognition,measuring the alignment accuracy of surface mount assembly circuit board masks.
computer vision: detection, recognition and reconstruction,knowing a good feature when you see it: ground truth and methodology to evaluate local features for recognition.|a vision-based remote control.|computer vision: detection, recognition and reconstruction
computer-aided detection of architectural distortion in prior mammograms of interval cancer,computer-aided detection of architectural distortion in prior mammograms of interval cancer
computerization and work,ifip tc 9 - working group 1 "computers and work" conclusions and recommendations from the workshop on the effects of computerization on employment.|information technology and work in the present society.|the major specific impacts of computerization on work.|some prerequisites for systems design in the interest of the workers.|approaches in system design for a defense of human work.|computerization and work, a reader on social aspects of computerization|ifip tc 9 - working group 1 "computers and work" conclusions and recommendations from the workshop on the effects of computerization on professional skills.|organizational consequences of the use of edp - how to design information technology.
computers in the human interaction loop,automatic speech recognition.
computing and software science,10 reasons to get interested in graph drawing.
computing with social trust,eliciting informative feedback: the peer-prediction method.|a non-reductionist approach to trust.
conceptual models,conceptual models: core to good design
concise introduction to cement chemistry and manufacturing,concise introduction to cement chemistry and manufacturing
configuring user-designer relations,introduction: configuring user-designer relations: interdisciplinary perspectives.|concluding remarks.
consensual processes,consensual processes based on mobile technologies and dynamic information.
constraint handling rules,chr for imperative host languages.
constraint programming and decision making,surrogate models for mixed discrete-continuous variables.
constructing knowledge art,constructing knowledge art: an experiential perspective on crafting participatory representations
constructive neural networks,constructive neural network algorithms for feedforward architectures suitable for classification tasks.
consumer depth cameras for computer vision,a category-level 3d object dataset: putting the kinect to work.
content-based retrieval of medical images: landmarking, indexing, and relevance feedback,content-based retrieval of medical images: landmarking, indexing, and relevance feedback
context aware human-robot and human-agent interaction,modelling conversation.
context-aware mobile computing,context-aware mobile computing: affordances of space, social awareness, and social influence
context-enhanced information fusion,modeling user behaviors to enable context-aware proactive decision support.
contextual analysis of videos,contextual analysis of videos
contextual design: evolved,contextual design: evolved
contributions to ubiquitous computing,a chip performing chaotic stream encryption.
control grid motion estimation for efficient application of optical flow,control grid motion estimation for efficient application of optical flow
control problems in robotics,actuation methods for human-centered robotics and associated control challenges.|omnidirectional sensing for robot control.
control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part i,control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part i
control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part ii,control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part ii
controlling energy demand in mobile computing systems,controlling energy demand in mobile computing systems
cooperative robots and sensor networks,localization, route planning, and smartphone interface for indoor navigation.|easyloc: plug-and-play rss-based localization in wireless sensor networks.
core-task design,core-task design: a practice-theory approach to human factors
counterterrorism and open source intelligence,effectiveness of social networks for studying biological agents and identifying cancer biomarkers.
covariances in computer vision and machine learning,covariances in computer vision and machine learning
crafting your research future,crafting your research future: a guide to successful master's and ph.d. degrees in science & engineering
createspace independent publishing,turning a tablet into a programming tool
createspace independent publishing platform,understanding multi-dimensional code couplings.|interactive model fusion: a user-centered approach for combining graph-based visual models.
creating autonomous vehicle systems,creating autonomous vehicle systems
creating brain-like intelligence,creating brain-like intelligence: from basic principles to complex intelligent systems
creative environments,testing the triple helix model.|creativity support for roadmapping.
critical infrastructure protection,cyber vulnerability in power systems operation and control.
critical infrastructure protection against hybrid warfare security related challenges,critical infrastructure protection: smart grids.
cross disciplinary biometric systems,iris segmentation: state of the art and innovative methods.
cross-language information retrieval,cross-language information retrieval
cross-lingual word embeddings,cross-lingual word embeddings
cs press,untersuchung und entwicklung mathematischer optimierungsverfahren zur dimensionierung von rechensystemen.|rechnergestützte kooperation durch dokumente.|goal-directed reasoning in clausal logic with equality.|spezifikation grosser objektgeflechte mit komponentendiagrammen.|indifferenz, unabhängigkeit und maximale entropie: eine wahrscheinlichkeitstheoretische semantik für nicht-monotones schliessen.|inkrementelle linguistische interpretation inkrementell erzeugter wortgraphen.
current trends in theoretical computer science,relativization: a revisionistic retrospective.
customizable computing,customizable computing
cuvillier,lokal adaptive halbtonverfahren.|satisfiability and model checking in team based logics.|shape mining: knowledge extraction from engineering design data.|computational models of neural circuitry in the macaque monkey primary visual cortex.|ein heuristisch-numerischer ansatz zur auswahl und auslegung von membrantrennanlagen.|efficient, image-based appearance acquisition of real-world objects.|methodenkonzeption zur integrationsplanung von anwendungssystemen.|modeling, identification, and control of a multi-link lightweight manipulator.|effiziente erzeugung harmonischer schwingungen hoher spektraler reinheit.|systematische entwurfsmethoden für praktikable kryptosysteme.|methodologies and protocols for wireless communication in large-scale, dense mesh networks.|anwendung neuronaler beschreibungsformen in der digitalen bildquantisierung.|active learning for recommender systems.|technologiewertbestimmung an cnc-werkzeugmaschinen: anforderungen an die technische unterstützung bei programmerstellung und einfahren - overrideprotokollierung.|layout problems in vlsi circuit design.|shadow techniques for interactive and real-time applications.|transaktionale unterstützung kollaborativer applikationen.|input output stability of recurrent neural networks.|analysis and models of eye movements in comparative visual search.|interaktive gestaltung von automotive services durch softwaregestützten einsatz domänenspezifischer modellierung.|konfiguration und gestaltung mit constraintsystemen.|ein konnektionistischer parser für reparaturen und andere nichtmonotoniephänomene.|untersuchung von melodiesuchsystemen sowie verfahren zu ihrer funktionsprüfung.|statistical issues in machine learning: towards reliable split selection and variable importance measures.|relationenalgebraische analyse von homogenitätseigenschaften in durch kontrollsysteme gestifteten relativen.|visuelle aufmerksamkeit und neuronale netzwerke: ein interdisziplinärer ansatz zur analyse komplexen problemlöseverhaltens.|semantische modellierung und reasoning für kontextinformationen in infrastrukturnetzen.|modeling spatial, temporal and spatio-temporal data in object-relational database systems.|usability patterns: eine technik zur spezifikation funktionaler usability-merkmale.|mobility based routing overhead management in reconfigurable wireless ad hoc networks.|multi-camera reconstruction and rendering for free-viewpoint video.|bewertung der qualität objektorientierter entwürfe.|petri-netz-basierte verifikation von funktionalen testfällen.|identifikation von innovationen aus upgrades.|video error concealment techniques for multi-broadcast reception of digital tv = verfahren zur fehlerverschleierung bei mehrfachempfang digitaler fernsehbildsignale.|entwicklung eines expertensystems für die versuchsplanung und -auswertung in der pflanzenproduktion.|die erklärungskomponente in hybriden expertensystemen mit numerischer und symbolischer wissensverarbeitung: entwurf und realisierung der erklärungskomponente für ein expertensystem in der diabetestherapie - diabetex.|allowing flexibility in critical systems: the epoc framework.|realistic, real time shading and rendering of objects with complex materials.|wohldefinierte überdeckungsmetriken für den glass-box-test.|konnektionistische modelle in der sprachverarbeitung.|der test analoger fuzzy-logik-schaltungen: fehlermodellierung, testmustergenerierung und testkonzepte.|das digitale bild der stadt: beobachtungen, hypothesen und schlußfolgerungen über stadtraum und computer.|selbstorganisierte modularisierung von individuen in evolutionären algorithmen.|neue bildpunktoperatoren zur konturerfassung mittels projizierter streifen.|scalable fault-containing self-stabilization in dynamic networks.|synthese minimaler passiver zeitdiskreter mehrgrößensysteme.|modellierung höherer verarbeitungsmechanismen in der hörbahn der laubheuschrecke tettigonia viridissima mit dynamischen modellneuronen.|methodische beiträge zur realisierung einer zentralisierten server-client-architektur für eine sichere ip-basierte fahrzeugdiagnose am beispiel einer service-werkstatt.|time- and space-efficient self-stabilizing algorithms.|psychische belastung und beanspruchung bei computergestützten tätigkeiten: eine empirische untersuchung zum "pe-fit-modell".|überlast-behandlung für ortsbezogene dienste in drahtlosen infrastruktur-netzen in gebäuden.|integration formaler fehlereinflussanalyse in die funktionsentwicklung bei der automobilindustrie.|comvis: a communication framework for computer vision.|parameter identification of nonlinear continuous time systems using the hartley modulating functions method.|fuzzyfizierung von kontrollsystemen mittels relationenalgebraischer und graphentheoretischer methoden.|entwicklung und anwendung neuer technologien für die bedarfsgetriebene patienteninformierung am beispiel diabetes mellitus.|energy-efficient urban sensing.|controlling für medienunternehmen im online-markt: gestaltung ausgewählter controllinginstrumente.|design, compiler-werkzeuge und evaluation einer fsm-basierten prozessoreinheit für hochratige multistandard-datenpaketverarbeitung.|factorization models for multi-relational data.|framework für die realisierung eines hybriden gesamtsystems zur hardwareunabhängigen entwicklung elektronischer fahrzeugapplikationen.|compiler and runtime techniques to identify and optimize atomic blocks in parallel programs.|establishing sufficient temporal independence efficiently: a monitoring approach.|rapid learning in robotics.|effizienter entwurf grosser risc-prozessoren.|construction of attack-resilient and efficient overlay topologies for large-scale p2p-based iptv infrastructures.|straßenumfeldmodellierung durch fusion und interpretation von sensordaten zur spurgenauen positionierung des fahrzeugs.|ein situativ entscheidendes fahrzeugsystem für den vorausschauenden fußgängerschutz.|chancen und risiken bei der strategischen planung des ganzheitlichen informations- und kommunikationssystems in klein- und mittelbetrieben.|kstruct: ein ansatz zur analyse und beschreibung von nebenläufigkeit in betriebssystemen.|integration von selbstteststrukturen in irreguläre digitale schaltungen im rahmen eines expertensystems.|quadrilateral mesh generation in computer aided design.|strategisches management von electronic data interchange (edi).|balanced partitioning of grids and related graphs: a theoretical study of data distribution in parallel finite element model simulations.|qualifikatorische und arbeitsorganisatorische einflussgrössen bei der einführung von cad-cam-systemen: untersuchung in grossbetrieben der metallverarbeitenden industrie.|heterogeneity in distributed embedded systems: from programming paradigms to testing.|fehlerkorrektur mit erweiterten reed-solomon-codes in weltraum-halbleiterspeichern.|kopplung von sensorinformationen und geodaten zur modellbasierten lokalisierung und kartierung im automobil.|vom paragraf zum hypertext: strategien der globalen textorganisation in online-hilfetexten der softwaredokumentation.
cuvillier verlag,it-unterstützung zur verbesserung der drittmittel-projekt-bewirtschaftung an hochschulen: referenzprozessgestaltung, artefakt-design und nutzenpotenziale.|information content of online problems: advice versus determinism and randomization.|fahrzeugeigenlokalisierung innerhalb bekannter indoor-umgebungen mittels seriensensorik.|schätzen der klassenzugehörigkeitswahrscheinlichkeit zur definition des arbeitsbereichs von chemieinformatischen klassifikationsmodellen.|selbst-organisierendes datenfunknetzwerk in einer flugzeugkabine.|contribution to the winding theory: introduction of a unified method for the treatment of winding topology.|supersonic business jets in preliminary aircraft design.|eine methode zur interaktiven multikriteriellen entscheidungsunterstützung in betrieblichen umweltinformationssystemen für kleine und mittlere unternehmen.|umsetzung mehrskaliger personenstrommodelle mittels dynamischer methoden.|consumerization of it: studies to explore the phenomenon and implications for it management, information security, and organizational security.|forwarding strategies for 6lowpan-fragmented ipv6 datagrams.|digital business models in the mobility sector: using components and types to understand existing and design new business models.|digitalization of mobility: understanding the transformational impacts of pervasive digital technologies on business models in the mobility sector.|performance of time-critical embedded systems under the influence of errors and error handling protocols.|aspect-oriented security engineering: a model-based approach.|content- und benutzungsgesteuertes generisches layout: screenography.|managing the digital transformation of business models: an incumbent firm perspective.|the dark and the bright side of digitalization: the case of sustainable mobility.|modellierung navigatorischer fahrerpräferenzen für die personalisierte routenberechnung.|interorganizational information systems for the efficient utilization of renewable resources: insights from networks in the wood industry.|active multispectral swir imaging for reliable skin detection and face verification.|towards a theory for designing machine learning systems for complex decision making problems.|methode zur erschließung von wissen aus datenmustern in supply-chain-datenbanken.|detailing reviews and ratings for trust-enhanced composition.|applied design science research in the context of smart and sustainable mobility: the case of vehicle supply and demand management in shared vehicle services.|techniques for real world ground penetrating radar data analysis.|using boundary objects to enable cross-border collaboration in software development.|it-based value co-creation in inter-orga: theory integration, extension, and adaptation to the wood industry.|analyzing the range barrier to electric vehicle adoption: the case of range anxiety.|security for automotive electrical/electronic (e/e) architectures.|systematik zum entwurf eines versuchsfeldes im kontext der virtuellen kraftfahrzeugentwicklung.|stability preservation for parametric model order reduction by matrix interpolation.|erkennung der querungsintention von fußgängern für das automatisierte fahren im städtischen umfeld.|parallelization of automotive control software.|real-time endoscopic image stitching for cystoscopy.|a system-theoretic safety engineering approach for software-intensive systems.|durchgängige wirkungsorientierung im entwicklungsprozess von fahrzeugfunktionen.|it corporate entrepreneurship: identifying factors for it innovations in non-it companies.|virtualisierung und software-parallelisierung für fail-operational multicore-domänensteuergeräte in der automobilindustrie.|adaptives informationskonzept für beanspruchende urbane fahrsituationen.|die förderung von nachhaltigem mobilitätsverhalten durch erhöhte user-experience und den einsatz von informationssystemen.|automated phase plate application in transmission electron microscopy.
cw-publikationen,kommunikationstechnik und aufgaben: organisator. aufgabenanalyse unter bes. berücks. d. kommunikationsproblems.
cyber defense and situational awareness,network-wide awareness.|metrics of security.
cyber foraging: bridging mobile and cloud computing,cyber foraging: bridging mobile and cloud computing
cyber security and resiliency policy framework,overview of the current situation in bosnia and herzegovina with focus on cyber security and fighting cyber-crime by establishment of bih cert body.
cyber situational awareness,cyber sa: situational awareness for cyber defense.
cyber warfare,the human factor in cybersecurity: robust & intelligent defense.
cyber-physical systems of systems,managing dynamicity in sos.
cyberparks,cyberparks - the interface between people, places and technology - new approaches and perspectives
cybersecurity systems for human cognition augmentation,data mining in cyber operations.
cybertherapy,new tools in cybertherapy: the vepsy web site.
czwalina,computersimulation zur entwicklung sportmotorischer techniken.
cépaduès-éditions,les relations spatiales : de la modélisation à la mise en oeuvre|analyse statistique implicative - une méthode d'analyse de données pour la recherche de causalités
dababase replication,database replication
data analysis and decision support,an empirical examination of daily stock return distributions for u.s. stocks.|klar analyzing german business cycles.
data association for multi-object visual tracking,data association for multi-object visual tracking
data cleaning: a practical perspective,data cleaning: a practical perspective
data exploration using example-based methods,data exploration using example-based methods
data integration: the relational logic approach,data integration: the relational logic approach
data management in machine learning systems,data management in machine learning systems
data management in the cloud,data management in the cloud: challenges and opportunities
data mining,an extended study of the discriminant random forest.|behaviorally founded recommendation algorithm for browsing assistance systems.|effects of oversampling versus cost-sensitive learning for bayesian and svm classifiers.
data mining and constraint programming,the inductive constraint programming loop.
data mining and market intelligence,data mining and market intelligence: implications for decision making
data mining for business applications,spatial data mining in practice: principles and case studies.
data mining for social network data,integrating genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic for web structure optimization.
data mining: foundations and practice,using association rules for classification from databases having class label ambiguities: a belief theoretic method.
data processing on fpgas,data processing on fpgas
data profiling,data profiling
data protection from insider threats,data protection from insider threats
data representations, transformations, and statistics for visual reasoning,data representations, transformations, and statistics for visual reasoning
data science and classification,local models in register classification by timbre.|new efficient algorithm for modeling partial and complete gene transfer scenarios.
data science in cybersecurity and cyberthreat intelligence,a logic programming approach to predict enterprise-targeted cyberattacks.
data security for health care (1),network security guidelines for health care management.
data stream management,data stream management
data streams - models and algorithms,multi-dimensional analysis of data streams using stream cubes.
data traffic monitoring and analysis,a methodological overview on anomaly detection.
data-centric business and applications,code smell prediction employing machine learning meets emerging java language constructs.
data-intensive text processing with mapreduce,data-intensive text processing with mapreduce
data-intensive workflow management,data-intensive workflow management: for clouds and data-intensive and scalable computing environments
database anonymization,database anonymization: privacy models, data utility, and microaggregation-based inter-model connections
database repairing and consistent query answering,database repairing and consistent query answering
datacenter design and management,datacenter design and management: a computer architect's perspective
datakontext-fachverlag,recht des betrieblichen datenschutzbeauftragten: stellung im kontrollsystem des bdsg, bestellung, aufgaben, rechte, anforderungen, beschäftigungsverhältnis.|dezentralisierung und sicherheit in mobilfunknetzen.
ddd,ein objektorientiertes framework für strukturierte grafik.|konzept und realisierung eines dynamisch rekonfigurierbaren steuerungssystems.|generierung von qualitativ hochwertigen testmustern für den selbsttest von digitalen schaltungen.
de gruyter,softwarezuverlässigkeit: quantitative modelle und nachweisverfahren.|praktische anwendbarkeit mathematisch rigoroser methoden zum sicherstellen der programmkorrektheit.|organisationsspielraum und büroautomation: zur bedeutung von spielräumen bei d. organisation automatisierter büroarbeit.|ergonomie in dokumenten-retrievalsystemen.|anaphora resolution and text retrieval: a linguistic analysis of hypertexts.|towards a multifunctional lexical resource: design and implementation of a graph-based lexicon model.|facework in multicodaler spanischer foren-kommunikation.|implementierung computergestützter informationssysteme: perspektive u. politik informationstechnolog. gestaltung.|software-ergonomie und benutzerangemessene auswahl von werkzeugen bei der dialoggestaltung.|automatische erkennung von redewiedergabe: ein beitrag zur quantitativen narratologie.|software testing for conventional and logic programming.
de gruyter mouton,elliptische strukturen in sms: eine korpusbasierte untersuchung des schweizerdeutschen.
de gruyter oldenbourg,it-sicherheitsanalysen: ein prozessorientiertes vorgehensmodell.|complex behaviour in evolutionary robotics.
decidability of parameterized verification,decidability of parameterized verification
decision making,imperfect decision making and risk taking are affected by personality.
decision making and imperfection,counter-factual reinforcement learning: how to model decision-makers that anticipate the future.
decision support - an examination of the dss discipline,agent-based modeling and simulation as a tool for decision support for managing patient falls in a dynamic hospital setting.
decision support for global enterprises,the email strategy investigation model (esim): a dss for analysis of email processing strategies.
decision tree and ensemble learning based on ant colony optimization,decision tree and ensemble learning based on ant colony optimization
decker und müller,landinformationssysteme in der öffentlichen verwaltung: ein handbuch der nutzung grundstücks- und raumbezogener datensammlungen für umweltschutz, städtebau, raumordnung und statistik.
deductive software verification,deductive software verification - the key book - from theory to practice|modular specification and verification.
deep learning and convolutional neural networks for medical image computing,three aspects on using convolutional neural networks for computer-aided detection in medical imaging.
deep web query interface understanding and integration,deep web query interface understanding and integration
deimling,maschine und denken: beiträge zur grundlegung einer didaktik der informatik.
demystifying owl for the enterprise,demystifying owl for the enterprise
dep. of geography, univ.,postprocessing von sar-satellitenbildern.
dependable software systems engineering,syntax-guided synthesis.
dependency parsing,dependency parsing
der andere verlag,analyse- und syntheseverfahren zur automatischen harmonisierung von gesang.|hardwareoptimierte verfahren für realzeitfähige bilderkennungssysteme: lösungsstrategien und entwicklung von ansätzen für spezielle problemstellungen.|management qualitätsbasierter gruppenkommunikation im internet.|equalization and decoding - a continuous-time dynamical approach.|dynamisches objektverhalten im kontext von trainingssimulationen in der digitalen fabrik.|verifying real-time systems.|analyse von hardwarefehlern in vermittlungseinheiten digitaler netze.|konstruktion relationaler kategorien.|testing time - time to test?: using formal methods for the timing analysis of digital circuits.|messung, modellierung und bewertung von verteilten, multimedialen systemen.|3d-objektverfolgung und entscheidungsfindung: neue ansätze zu monokularen kamerabasierten fahrerassistenzsystemen.|strukturelles retrieval auf einer universellen grundform für komplexe modelle.|bekannte unbekannte: formale methoden in anwesenheit unbekannter werte.|data definition languages for xml repository management systems.|automatisierte erstellung parametrisierbarer lastmodelle für die performanzanalyse mobiler geräte.|efficiency and applications of sat-based test pattern generation: complex fault models and optimisation problems.|dynamische instruktionstrace-komposition: ein verfahren zur realistischen leistungsbewertung von entwürfen für smartphoneanwendungen.|evolutionary algorithms and dynamic optimization problems.|workload driven design and evaluation of web based systems.|striktheitsanalysen funktionaler sprachen.|on the handling of uncertainty in test pattern generation.|generalized minimum distance decoding with arbitrary error, erasure tradeoff.|entwurfsmethodik und automatisierte verteilung für steuerungssoftware in einem verteiltem rechnersystem in der automobilelektronik.|datenschutz und internet: das tddsg und dessen rolle für ein modernes datenschutzrecht, dargestellt anhand der technik der cookies.|ein ansatz zur modellierung handlungsziel-orientierter curricula in intelligenten lehrsystemen.|strategiegesteuerte transformation von termgraphen.|kommunikationsoptimierung von mehrprozessorsystemen für wissenschaftlich-technische anwendungen.|beiträge zur signalverarbeitung für eine kamerabasierte erkennung von fahrzeugen, fußgängern und fußgängerüberwegen: wahl der trainingsbildauflösung, schnelle filterung, sensordatenfusion und optimiertes optisches tracking.|modellbasierte kameraposebestimmung aus bildern.|modeling the unknown using quantification.|test and diagnosis of embedded processor cores with formal methods.|detektion und klassifikation von objekten in videobildern: neue lösungsansätze für kamerabasierte fahrerassistenzsysteme.|dynamic meta modeling: a semantics description technique for visual modeling languages.|multi sensor data fusion in the scope of an automotive collision imminent braking system.|beiträge zur weiterentwicklung von cognitive radio konzepten: simulation, implementierung und experimentelle verifikation von neuen konzepten zur berechnung von nachbarkanalstörungen und verbesserung von algorithmen zur automatischen modulationsklassifikation.|verifikation unvollständiger schaltkreise.|hybrid disambiguation in natural language analysis.|simulative leistungsbewertung für fahrerassistenzsysteme zur fußgängerdetektion: modellierung, kalibrierung, validierung.|hochdynamische bildgewinnung, fahrzeugerkennung bei nacht und regensensorik: beiträge zu kamerabasierten fahrerassistenzsystemen.|beiträge zur personen- und hinderniserkennung für kamerabasierte assistenz- und überwachungssysteme: 2d und 2.5d kamerakalibrierung, objekterkennung und objektlokalisierung.|über craigsche interpolation und deren anwendung in der formalen modellprüfung.|latenzzeitkompensation und auswerter: zwei aspekte der implementierung nicht-strikter funktionaler programmiersprachen auf massiv-parallelen rechnern.
design and advanced robust chassis dynamics control for x-by-wire unmanned ground vehicle,idesign and advanced robust chassis dynamics control for x-by-wire unmanned ground vehicle
design and development of radio frequency identification (rfid) and rfid-enabled sensors on flexible low cost substrates,design and development of radio frequency identification (rfid) and rfid-enabled sensors on flexible low cost substrates
design and the digital divide,design and the digital divide: insights from 40 years in computer support for older and disabled people
design of intelligent systems based on fuzzy logic, neural networks and nature-inspired optimization,a comparison between memetic algorithm and seeded genetic algorithm for multi-objective independent task scheduling on heterogeneous machines.
design of reconfigurable antennas using graph models,design of reconfigurable antennas using graph models
design, representations, and processing for additive manufacturing,design, representations, and processing for additive manufacturing
designed technologies for healthy aging,designed technologies for healthy aging
designing and evaluating usable technology in industrial research,designing and evaluating usable technology in industrial research: three case studies
designing asynchronous circuits using null convention logic (ncl),designing asynchronous circuits using null convention logic (ncl)
designing development: case study of an international education and outreach program,designing development: case study of an international education and outreach program
designing for digital reading,designing for digital reading
designing for the user experience in learning systems,imuscica: interactive music science collaborative activities for steam learning.
designing for user engagement,designing for user engagement: aesthetic and attractive user interfaces
designing information spaces,geonotes: a location-based information system for public spaces.
designing socially embedded technologies in the real-world,exploring challenging environments: contextual research in the car and the factory through an hci lens.
despeckle filtering algorithms and software for ultrasound imaging,despeckle filtering algorithms and software for ultrasound imaging
despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume i, second edition,despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume i: algorithms and software, second edition
despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume ii, second edition,despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume ii: selected applications, second edition
desy,formal specification and modeling of complex systems: towards a physics of information via networks.
detection and identification of rare audiovisual cues,dirac: detection and identification of rare audio-visual events.
detert,anwendung datenbasierter analysemethoden für die steigerung der produktqualität in der elektronikfertigung.
deubner,straf- und ordnungswidrigkeitenrecht im bundesdatenschutzgesetz.
deutsch,anwendungsmöglichkeiten und ausgewählte lösungsverfahren der ganzzahligen quadratischen optimierung.|lokalisierte, stationäre verteilung in neuronalen feldern: modellierung experimenteller befunde zur planung und kontrolle zielgerichteter bewegungen.|nichtlineare dynamik rückgekoppelter neuronaler netze.|informationsverarbeitung durch kohärente aktivität in neuronalen systemen.|die anwendung des microcomputers in kleinstbetrieben (handwerk) der bundesrepublik deutschland und übertragungsmöglichkeiten auf das entwicklungsland mexiko.|konzepte zur wahrung der ordnungsmässigkeit in informationssystemen.|synergetische computer beim einsatz in angewandten mustererkennungsproblemen.|multilayer dynamic link networks for establishing image point correspondences and visual object recognition.|entwurf neuronaler netze: ein datenbasiertes verfahren zur modellierung nichtlinearer systeme mit hilfe evolutionärer algorithmen und unscharfer logik.|gestaltung der produktion betrieblicher expertensysteme.|geometrische programmierung: theorie, algorithmen u. ökonom. anwendungen.|leistungsdiagnostik durch computersimulation: ein beitrag zur theorie der sportspiele am beispiel tennis.|neuronale netzwerke mit zeitverzögerter signalübertragung.|konzeption einer computergestützten flexiblen investitionsprogrammplanung.|spieltheoretische ansätze zur lösung multikriterieller entscheidungsmodelle.|labeled graphs and dynamic link matching for face recognition and scene analysis.|unitary joint events in multiple neuron spiking activity: detection, significance, and interpretation.|die zeitstruktur neuronaler repräsentation: modellierung und identifikation neuronaler assemblies als kollektive erregungszustände des visuellen systems.|ein dynamisches modell zur visuellen cortikalen informationsverarbeitung.|eigenschaften neuronaler vektorquantisierer und ihre anwendung in der sprachverarbeitung.|rationale entscheidungen bei unscharfen wahrscheinlichkeiten.|objektlokalisation mit neuronalen netzen: modelle zur objektlokalisation am beispiel des beutefangs von schleuderzungensalamandern.|zwei modelle zur datengetriebenen segmentierung visueller daten.|interaktive verfahren zur lösung linearer vektoroptimierungsprobleme: ein beitrag zur wirtschaftsmathematik.|topologieerhaltung in selbstorganisierenden neuronalen merkmalskarten.|ein nichtlineares signalmodell für zufallsprozesse auf der basis der multilayer perzeptrons.
deutscher universitäts-verlag,virtual team assistant: intelligente assistenzsysteme für die automatisierte vorgangsbearbeitung.|expertensysteme für den einsatz von subroutinenpaketen: am beispiel eines expertensystems für bildverarbeitung.
deutsches elektronen-synchrotron desy,search for supersymmetric top-quark partners using support vector machines and upgrade of the hadron calorimeter front-end readout control system at cms / by m. ö. şahin.
developing embedded software using davinci & omap technology,developing embedded software using davinci & omap technology
development and analysis of deep learning architectures,deep learning for wireless communications.|baby cry detection: deep learning and classical approaches.
dft-domain based single-microphone noise reduction for speech enhancement,dft-domain based single-microphone noise reduction for speech enhancement
diaphanes,zootechnologien: eine medien-geschichte der schwarmforschung.
dictionary learning in visual computing,dictionary learning in visual computing
die-stacking architecture,die-stacking architecture
die-verlag schäfer,informationssysteme in der betrieblichen forschung und entwicklung: konzeptioneller entwurf, empirischer befund und zukünftige praxis.
differential privacy,differential privacy: from theory to practice
diffusion source localization in large networks,diffusion source localization in large networks
digital control in power electronics,digital control in power electronics
digital control in power electronics, 2nd edition,digital control in power electronics, 2nd edition
digital forensic science,digital forensic science: issues, methods, and challenges
digital heritage reconstruction using super-resolution and inpainting,digital heritage reconstruction using super-resolution and inpainting
digital human modeling,brainwave-based imagery analysis.
digital image processing for ophthalmology,digital image processing for ophthalmology: detection and modeling of retinal vascular architecture|digital image processing for ophthalmology: detection of the optic nerve head
digital libraries applications,digital libraries applications: cbir, education, social networks, escience/simulation, and gis
digital library technologies,digital library technologies: complex objects, annotation, ontologies, classification, extraction, and security
digital privacy - prime,further privacy mechanisms.
digital system verification: a combined formal methods and simulation framework,digital system verification: a combined formal methods and simulation framework
diplomica gmbh,spontane verknüpfung von diensten: wiederverwendung und kostenersparnis.
disaster robotics,dual-arm construction robot with remote-control function.
discrimination and privacy in the information society,discrimination and privacy in the information society - data mining and profiling in large databases|the way forward.|a comparative analysis of anti-discrimination and data protection legislations.
discriminative learning for speech recognition,discriminative learning for speech recognition: theory and practice
diss.-verlag ng-kopierladen,modellierung von multimedia-arbeitslasten zur leistungsanalyse von cache-architekturen.|visualisierung des ablaufverhaltens paralleler programme.|artefakterkennung in biosignalen mit künstlichen neuronalen netzen.|die entwicklung der elektronischen datenverarbeitung in der deutschen investitionsgüterindustrie als beeinflussender unternehmensfaktor seit beginn ihrer industriellen anwendung.|rechnergestütztes beweisen in heterogenen relationenalgebren.|systems for control and data exchange in internet multimedia conferencing.|virtuell gemeinsamer speicher schwächerer konsistenz und seine integration in ein nachrichtensystem.|monitoring paralleler programme.|eine kritische und begründende darstellung der funktionen der protokollmaschine von osi-tp.|funktionale beschreibung und parallelisierung von algorithmen auf dünnen gittern.
disserta verlag,fusion von tageskontext und mobilitätsgewohnheiten als enablersystem für mobilitätsassistenten.
disserta-verlag,development of a robotic system to design and evaluate dynamic background cues.
dissertation.de,die adoption von informationstechnologien durch kleine und mittlere unternehmen des agribusiness.|multiresolution-verfahren zur fusion dynamischer bildfolgen.|komponententechnologien zur flexibilisierung konventioneller lernsysteme am beispiel einer wissensbasierten erklärungskomponente.|analyse und objektorientierter entwurf eines integrierten portalsystems für das wissensmanagement.|spatial cognition research: the human navigation process and its comparability in complex real and virtual environments.|recruitment learning in randomly connected neural networks.|entwicklungs- und laufzeitunterstützung für synchrone groupware.|erwartungsgesteuertes, inhaltliches dokumentverstehen durch integrierte akquisition und nutzung von dokumentwissen.|automatische erklärungen in internet-planspielen: am beispiel einer auktionsplattform.|modeling judgements of environmental sounds by means of artificial neural networks.|speeding up xml querying: satisfiability test & containment test of xpath queries in the presence of xml schema definitions.|property verification of mixed data and control intensive designs.|entwicklung simulatorunabhängiger modelle für halbleiter-bauelemente mit objekt-orientierten methoden.|das kaleidoskop-prinzip: ein informationswissenschaftlicher beitrag zum redesign von benutzungsoberflächen in existierenden lehr-, lernsystemen.|piecewise execution of nested data-parallel programs.|enhancing text classification to improve information filtering.|personalisierung, kooperation und evolution in digitalen bibliotheken.|visual data mining.|maximally separated signals for digital communications.|neuronale netze und qualitative wissensbasen in der integrativen umweltsystemanalyse.|an architectural decision modeling framework for service-oriented architecture design.|typisierung autonomer softwareagenten.|acquisition of human expert knowledge for rule-based knowledge-based systems using ternary grid.|lernen der struktur nichtlinearer abhängigkeiten mit graphischen modellen.|leistungsarme datenschnittstelle für busanwendungen mit hohen übertragungsraten bei minimaler versorgungsspannung.|blackboardarchitekturen zur entwicklung intelligenter tutorieller systeme: ein prototyp am beispiel der linearen optimierung.|lexikographische generierung, ranking und unranking kombinatorischer objekte: eine average-case analyse.|planen im fluentkalkül mit binären entscheidungsdiagrammen.|geometrische repräsentation scharf und vage begrenzter objekte.|esynn - ein neuronenmodell zur effizienten simulation von korrelation in neuronalen netzen.|bi-decomposition of function sets using multi valued logic.|quality and utility: on the use of time-value functions to integrate quality and timeliness flexible aspects in a dynamic real-time scheduling environment.|an improved active network concept and architecture for distributed and dynamic streaming multimedia environments with heterogeneous bandwidths.|sprachliche navigation im world wide web.|eine parallele systemarchitektur für die visualisierung statischer und zeitabhängiger volumendaten.|kostenbehaftete kommunikation in einem mobilitätsdienstleistungssystem.|die rolle des nichtdeterminismus in kontextfreien sprachen.|identifikation und analyse frei formatierter tabellen.|model based reinforcement learning in continuous environments.|integration von sichten für die objektorientierte modellierung hybrider systeme.|eigenschaftsbasierte abstraktion für die formale verifikation von komponentensystemen.|logical tree matching with complete answer aggregates for retrieving structured documents.|courseware engineering - ein vorgehensmodell zur erstellung von wiederverwendbaren, hypermedialen kursen.|supporting business process fragmentation while maintaining operational semantics: a bpel perspective.|ein www-basiertes stadtinformationssystem zur individuellen freizeitberatung: grundlagen und prototyp tourbo.|aktororientiertes work-management - computergestützte koordination von gruppenarbeit: modelle, methoden und systeme zur realisierung adaptiver workgroup- und workflow-anwendungen.|integration culture in designing groupware applications as contribution to intercultural collaboration technology.|vertrauen im internet: untersuchungen am beispiel des corporate-internet-banking.|computational intelligence techniques for decision making: with applications to the dairy industry.|internetbasierte self-service-systeme für kundenorientierte dienstleistungsprozesse in öffentlichen verwaltungen.|temporale auswertungsformen in olap.|intensional equality for process calculi based on ε-structures.|bracketed contextual grammars.|array-codes auf der basis interleavter blockcodes.|zuverlässigkeit der prognosen von hybriden neuronalen netzwerken und ihre visualisierung: mit anwendungen in der limnologie.|synchrone groupware für die software-engineering-ausbildung: ein beispiel für die ableitung unterstützender werkzeuge aus problemorientierter sicht.|qualitätssicherung für objektorientierte software: anforderungsermittlung und test gegen die anforderungsspezifikation.|comma - eine entwicklungsmethode für interaktive kooperative anwendungen.|modellbasierte entwicklung von eingebetteten regelungssystemen in der automobilindustrie.|untersuchungen zum entwurf von auditory displays = investigations into the design of auditory displays.|advanced query optimization techniques for distributed databases.|die analytische interpretation: schritte zur erschließung eines forschungsfeldes am beispiel der metrik.|heuristisches lernen von regeln für die textkategorisierung.|adaptives layoutmanagement zur effizienten informationsdarstellung in graphischen benutzungsschnittstellen.|language support for dynamic and evolving software architectures.
distributed computing by mobile entities,computing by programmable particles.|formal methods for mobile robots.
distributed computing pearls,distributed computing pearls
distributed graph coloring: fundamentals and recent developments,distributed graph coloring: fundamentals and recent developments
distributed network structure estimation using consensus methods,distributed network structure estimation using consensus methods
distributed user interfaces,enhancing the security and usability of dui based collaboration with proof based access control.
diversity in visualization,diversity in visualization
dlg-verlag,pigcontrol: ein computergestütztes führungs- und informationssystem zur wirtschaftlichkeitskontrolle in der schweinemast.|top-fruit: ein wissensbasiertes system zur analyse und gestaltung von marketingstrategien im fruchthandel.
domain adaptation in computer vision applications,semantic segmentation of urban scenes via domain adaptation of synthia.
domain decomposition methods in science and engineering xx,a simultaneous augmented lagrange approach for the simulation of soft biological tissue.|scalable domain decomposition algorithms for contact problems: theory, numerical experiments, and real world problems.
donat,rechnerunterstützung für arbeitsprozeßnahes planen: software-innovation im kontext von ökonomie, organisation und beruflicher bildung.
dot-verlag,computerbild: wirklichkeit und fiktion.
double-grid finite-difference frequency-domain (dg-fdfd) method for scattering from chiral objects,double-grid finite-difference frequency-domain (dg-fdfd) method for scattering from chiral objects
dr. hut,scalable i/o on modern supercomputers for simulations on unstructured meshes.|entwurf richtungsselektiver filter für die bildkompression mittels contourlet-transformation.|robust 2-d/3-d registration for real-time patient motion compensation.|refining and developing features describing dementia-related changes in structural and functional imaging.|erweiterung und optimierung der funktionalität magnetostriktiver längenmesstechnik mittels verfahren der digitalen signalverarbeitung.|large-scale live video streaming over the internet - efficient and flexible content delivery using network and application-layer mechanisms.|data-driven uncertainty quantification for large-scale simulations.|situation-aware adaptive event stream processing.|on representing graphs with unit intervals.|zielgerichtete generierung valider systemvarianten für eingeschränkte entwurfsräume.|wissensbasierte synthese von anlagentopologien cyber-physischer produktionssysteme in der verfahrenstechnik.|transformation von straßennetzgraphen mittels data science methoden für multikriterielle routenalgorithmen.|the secret of appeal - understanding perception of realistic and stylized faces.|verfahren zur dezentralen anwendungsspezifischen verschaltung von komponenten zu einer optimalen auswahl von applikationen.|modellierung und verifikation sicherheitskritischer konfigurierbarer systeme in der prozessmesstechnik.|object recognition and saliency detection for indoor robots using rgb-d sensors.|on collaborative mechanisms for content distribution.|machine learning and security of non-executable files.|energy management of a hybrid energy storage system in a single-family house including e-car mobility.|advanced lattice boltzmann models for the simulation of additive manufacturing processes.|routing-driven multiobjective 3d floorplanning.|efficient heterogeneous multicore architectures for driver assistance and automated driving.|applying the sparse grid combination technique in linear gyrokinetics.|coupling schemes and inexact newton for multi-physics and coupled optimization problems.|recurrent neural networks for sequential pattern recognition applications.|on square roots of graphs.|high-performance coupling of dynamically adaptive grids and hyperbolic equation systems.|workflow extraction from textual process descriptions.|compaction of orthogonal and hierarchical graph drawings using constraint graphs and minimum cost flows.|source code transformation based on architecture implementation patterns.|control of outdoor robots at higher speeds on challenging terrain.|shaping the future - a control architecture for autonomous landscaping with an excavator.|anti-aliasing and visibility preprocessing algorithms for mobile graphics devices.|self-organizing access-centric storage algorithms for ad-hoc sensor networks.|unsupervised event detection in video sequences.|modeling robotic systems with activity flow graphs.|architektur und werkzeuge für dynamisches identitätsmanagement in föderationen.|cognitive maps for autonomous machines in construction and civil engineering.|quantitative model repair of stochastic systems.|algorithmic decision-making in multi-agent systems: votes and prices.|performance-verifikation von netzwerkarchitekturen eingebetteter systeme unter berücksichtigung von laufzeitvariabilität.|integrated hardware & software platform with automated fir filter coefficient adaptation for advanced control of modern hand prostheses.|direct numerical simulation of liquid-gas-solid flows based on the lattice boltzmann method.|konzeption, umsetzung und evaluation einer hybriden cluster- und cloud-infrastruktur für anwendungen aus dem bereich des high-performance- und high-throughput-computing.|map-aided off-road path following for autonomous vehicles.|visuelle umgebungswahrnehmung und kartierung zur navigation mobiler serviceroboter in realen einsatzumgebungen.|modern techniques for transaction-oriented database recovery.|reichweitenoptimierende fahr- und betriebsstrategien für elektrofahrzeuge.|local algorithms for distributed topology adaptation.|on coexistence of wireless systems in unlicensed bands using cognitive medium access.|retrieval and classification of visual information - supporting law enforcement investigations of child sexual abuse.|in silico approaches for polypharmacological drug design.|lifelong learning for visual recognition systems.|designing location-based games.|behavioural analysis of systems with weights and conditions.|multikriterielle minimierung und priorisierung von test-suiten für software-produktlinien.|security patterns for amp-based embedded systems.|robust localization for mobile robots in forest environments.|verfahren zur reproduktion, überwachung und analyse semantischer softwarefehler auf eingebetteten plattformen mit einer portabilitätsschnittstelle.|modellierung und untersuchung von rahmenstrukturen für rekonfigurierbare multimodale simulationsumgebungen.|exploration strategies for indoor environments.|der gapset algorithmus: ein parallelisierbarer algorithmus zur berechnung minimaler schnitte.|strategic decisions and uncertainties.|deep, seamless, multi-format, multi-notation definition and use of domain-specific languages.|network protocol virtualization - software-defined end-to-end networking.|fragmentbasierte softwarearchitekturen für produktlinien.|multi-level power optimization in automotive e/e architectures.|enhancing projective spatial augmented reality in industry.|analyzing the influence of product features and recommendations on buying decisions: a new realistic experimental web shop and analysis environment.|maschinelles lernen zur analyse und simulation von finanzzeitreihen.|heterogeneous reconstruction approaches for object and scene representation.|disease risk prediction in genome-wide association studies.|a 3d camera-based system concept for safe and intuitive use of a surgical robot system.|entwicklung eines proaktiven assistenzsystems zur unterstützung von cad-arbeitsprozessen basierend auf softwareagenten.|musik für interaktive medien: arrangement- und interpretationstechniken.|intraoperative phasenerkennung zur integration von assistenzsystemen in den chirurgischen arbeitsablauf.|on experience-based learning for combinatorial optimization problems.|workflow-based context-aware control of surgical robots.|nutzerorientierter entwurf assistiver technologie für hörgeschädigte menschen.|additional traffic sign detection and content recognition.|using low-level sensor data to improve touchscreen interaction.|a first-principles approach to performance, power, and energy models for contemporary multi- and many-core processors.|efficient visibility queries and metalinguistic abstractions for graphics algorithms.|a domain-specific language and source-to-source compilation framework for geometric multigrid methods.|advanced walking skills for bipedal locomotion.|enhanced usability and applicability for simultaneous geometry and reflectance acquisition.|on equidomination in graphs.|partitionierung und bewertung marte-spezifizierter hardware/software-systeme.|beyond similarity and accuracy - a new take on automating scientific paper recommendations.|discovering unknown visual objects with novelty detection techniques.|dynamisches management serviceorientierter ressourcen in cyber-physischen produktionssystemen mittels multipler evaluationskriterien und ressourcenoperationen.|plattform zur kollaborativen simulation und visualisierung von szenarien des integrative computational materials engineering.|a domain-specific language approach for designing and programming heterogeneous image systems.|bordersearch: efficient characterization of automotive electronic systems through machine learning.|towards an accurate rgb-d benchmark, mapping and odometry as well as their applications.|ein haptisches display zur simulation der weichgewebepalpation.|access control for weakly consistent replicated information systems.|entwicklung und evaluation eines graspable user interface für ein arbeitswissenschaftliches digitales menschmodell.|konzept eines modellgestützten telemedizinisch-supervidierten trainings am beispiel von khk-patienten.|optimization in inter-cloud markets.|human mobility and application usage prediction algorithms for mobile devices.|adaptive, vernetzte, eingebettete systeme: modellierung des energiebedarfs.|automatic detection of modes in human computer interaction.|contact modeling algorithms for fiber dynamics simulations.|modellgestützter entwurf, optimierung und evaluierung cloud-basierter cyber-physischer systeme.|web engineering mit xml technologien.|modellbasiertes requirements engineering zur unterstützung der domänenübergreifenden gesamtfahrzeugentwicklung.
dsv-media-verlag,entwicklung von parallelen rechnersystemen zur hardwareimplementierung neuronaler netze.|pc-cluster mit verteilter präsentation.
dt. anwaltverl.,rechtsbeziehung, rechtsdurchsetzung und haftung in virtuellen schlichtungsverfahren: dargestellt am beispiel "online confidence".
dt. fachverl.,entwicklung eines palettenkontrollsystems.|entwicklung eines rechnergestützten planungsinstruments zur auswahl von ladungssicherungsmassnahmen für den strassengüterverkehr.
dt. gemeindeverl.,internet-banking und sparkassenrechtliches regionalprinzip.
dt. studien-verlag,edv für sehgeschädigte: entwurf einer audiovisuellen textverarbeitung.|biopsychologie computerbasierten lernens: physiologisches aktivierungsgeschehen und visuelles explorationsverhalten in mentalen anforderungssituationen.
dt. univ.-verl., wiesbaden, germany,mobile solutions: einsatzpotenziale, nutzungsprobleme und lösungsansätze.|wissensmanagement in it-unternehmensberatungen.
dt. univ.-verlag,die entwicklung einer modularen gesamtarchitektur für die softwarekomponenten von planspielen.|requirements engineering und programmieren im grossen: integration von sprachen und werkzeugen.|objektorientierte entwicklung eines parallel arbeitenden materialflusssimulators.|subjektive leistungen im arbeitsprozess: eine empirische untersuchung von arbeitsstilen in der programmierarbeit.|der middle-manager als pc-benutzer: eine explorative untersuchung der bestimmungs- und gestaltungsfaktoren der pc-unterstützten arbeit von middle-managern.|nachhaltige wettbewerbsvorteile in der net economy: die rolle von handelsintermediären im b-to-b-electronic-commerce.|methodische entwicklung von expertensystemen.|strategieplanung für die technische edv: baustein zur realisierung von cim-systemen.|erfolgsfaktoren virtueller unternehmen: eine theoretische und empirische untersuchung.|eintauchen in mediale welten: immersionsstrategien im world wide web.|entwurf von fuzzy-reglern mit genetischen algorithmen.|elektronische beschaffung im krankenhaus: nutzung, gestaltung und auswirkungen von b-to-b-marktplätzen.|software-entwicklungsunterstützung für parallele programme mit efect: ein maschinenunabhängiger ansatz.|vertrauen durch reputation im elektronischen handel.|der elektronische minimarkttest.|komponentenorientierte softwareentwicklung in softwareunternehmen: konzeption eines vorgehensmodells zur einführung und etablierung.|der data-warehouse-rahmenplan: entwicklung eines konzeptionellen schemas.|methoden des knowledge engineering: ein expertensystem für das wertpapiergeschäft in banken.|escalating commitment als ursache gescheiterter dv-projekte: methoden und werkzeuge zur deeskalation.|logische modellierung mehrdimensionaler datenbanksysteme.|polynomiale und streng polynomiale algorithmen für netzwerkfluss-probleme.|fuzzy sets in der netzplantechnik.|virtuelle hochschulen auf dem bildungsmarkt: strategische positionierung unter berücksichtigung der situation in deutschland, österreich und england.|systematische wiederverwendung in der software-entwicklung.|wissensmanagement im lebenszyklus von erp-systemen: explorative untersuchung und entwicklung eines gestaltungskonzeptes für sap r/3-projekte.|wissensbasierte betriebliche diagnostik: realisierung von expertensystemen.|das babylon-system: struktur-, funktions- und architekturmerkmale eines hybriden verarbeitungsmodelles.|formale programmentwicklung mit dynamischer logik.|erfolgsgrößen von dienstleisterportalen im electronic business: am beispiel des finanzdienstleistungsmarktes.|künstliche intelligenz und entscheidungstheorie.|maschinelle lernverfahren zur behandlung von bonitätsrisiken im mobilfunkgeschäft.|technische interaktionskontexte: aspekte einer sozialwissenschaftlichen theorie der mensch-computer-interaktion.|komplexe unternehmensdynamik: chaotische dynamische systeme in der betriebswirtschaftlehre.|kundenorientierte workflowprojekte: ein pragmatischer leitfaden.|strategisches geschäftsmodell der informationstechnologieberatung.|web-basierte informationsaustauschplattform im bereich internationaler humanitärer projekte.|informations- und kommunikationstechnologie beim wissensmanagement: gestaltungsmodell für die industrielle produktentwicklung.|knowledge engineering für betriebliche expertensysteme: erhebung, analyse und modellierung von wissen.|modellierung analytischer informationssysteme: ein konzept zur multidimensionalen datenstrukturierung.|bilaterale preisverhandlungen von software-agenten: ein modell und system zur analyse des marktplatzspezifischen verhandlungsspielraumes.|wissensmanagement in verteilten organisationen: infrastrukturen für flexible arbeitsarrangements.|graphbasierte werkzeuge zum reverse engineering und reengineering.|intellektuelles eigentum im zeitalter von digitalisierung und internet: eine ökonomische analyse von missbrauchskalkülen und schutzstrategien.|komplexe objekte und anfragen in der programmierung: zur integration von datenbanken und programmiersprachen.|parallele lineare algebra: parallele lösungen ausgewählter linearer gleichungssysteme bei unterschiedlichen multiprozessor-architekturen.|produktberatungssysteme im internet: präferenzmessung zur kaufunterstützung.|fundamentale ideen der informatik im mathematikunterricht: grundsätzliche überlegungen und beispiele für die primarstufe.|kundenorientierte softwareproduktion.|it-gestützte balanced scorecard-systeme.|konsistente dokumentation beim entwurf informationsverarbeitender systeme.|flussorientierte logistik und integrierte standardsoftware: eine kompatibilitätsanalyse am beispiel sap r/3.|wiederverwendung von softwarekomponenten im internet.|groupware und computergestützte zusammenarbeit: wirkungsbereiche und potentiale.|arithmetische fähigkeiten von schulanfängern: eine computersimulation als forschungsinstrument und als baustein eines softwarekonzeptes für die grundschule.|entwicklung einer expertensystemumgebung zur verarbeitung sich häufig ändernder vorschriften: dargestellt an beispielen aus den wohnungsbauförderungsbestimmungen des landes nordrhein-westfalen.|informationsmanagement in der organisationsplanung.|frauen und männer am computer: aspekte geschlechtsspezifischer technikaneignung.|preismanagement für telekommunikationsdienstleistungen: modell- und methodenorientierter ansatz zur entscheidungsunterstützung.|datenintegrität in heterogenen informationssystemen: ereignisorientierte aktualisierung globaler datenredundanzen.|zweckorientierte automatische musikkomposition [medienkombination]: musikalische grundlagen, geschichte und modellierung.|räumliche konzepte in wissens- und sprachverarbeitung: hybride verarbeitung von lokalisierung.|wirtschaftsinformatik der "langen frist": perspektiven für menschen, automaten und arbeit in einer lebensdienlichen ökonomie.|auswahl von mitgliedern virtueller teams: entwicklung und validierung eines online-testverfahrens.|sicherheitsstrategien in der informationsverarbeitung: ein wissensbasiertes, objektorientiertes system für die risikoanalyse.|dynamisches front-end für prozessorientierte anwendungssysteme: entwicklung eines objektorientierten systems.|konzeption von kernnetzknoten: referenzmodelle für design und implementierung.|kombination künstlicher neuronaler netze: zur prognose von wechselkursen.|flowshop scheduling mit parallelen genetischen algorithmen: eine problemorientierte analyse genetischer suchstrategien.|informationsmanagement und öffentliche verwaltung: perspektiven und grenzen.|datenschutz und datensicherung in klein- und mittelbetrieben.|produktions-controlling für fertigungsinseln.|faktoren des markterfolges im online-handel.|kunden- und wettbewerbsorientierung neugegründeter softwareunternehmen: eine empirische untersuchung von teamgründungen.|sichere multimediale telekommunikation.|modellbasierte navigationsstrategien in executive support systems.|absatzanalyse bei der produktinnovation: bedeutung, erhebung und wissensbasierte verarbeitung.|cim und strategisches management.|objektorientiertes qualitätsinformationssystem: referenzmodell und realisierungsansätze.|realisierung von telearbeit: erfolgsfaktoren und gestaltung der organisationsstruktur.|edv-orientierte aussendienststeuerung: einsatz in der konsumgüterindustrie.|strategisches softwaremarketing: übersicht und bewertung.|wirtschaftlichkeit wissensbasierter systeme.|case-based reasoning auf der grundlage relationaler datenbanken: eine anwendung zur strukturierten suche in wirtschaftsnachrichten.|internationale unternehmensnetzwerke und regionale wirtschaftspolitik: kompetenzzentren in der multimedia-industrie.|stichprobenbasierte assoziationsanalyse im rahmen des knowledge discovery in databases.|computerunterstützung arbeitsteiliger prozesse: konzipierung eines koordinationssystems für die büroarbeit.|e-commerce als strategische option für regionale online-zeitungen: die einstellung der nutzer als erfolgsfaktor.|telematik im gesundheitswesen: vertragsarzt- und datenschutzrechtliche aspekte.|computereinsatz bei befragungen.
dt. verkehrs-verlag,computerreservierungssysteme im luftverkehr: darstellung, entwicklung und wettbewerbliche beurteilung.
dt. wiss.-verl.,a systematic approach to software evolution.
dt. wiss.-verlag,building electronic scholarly journals as communication forums.
duncker & humblot,datenschutz und suchmaschinen: neue impulse für einen datenschutz im internet.|it- und rechtssicherheit automatisierter und vernetzter cyber-physischer systeme.: event data recording und integrierte produktbeobachtung als maßnahmen der it-risikominimierung am beispiel automatisierter und vernetzter luft- und straßenfahrzeuge.|cloud computing - herausforderungen an den rechtsrahmen für datenschutz.|die zukunft der netzneutralität im internet.|access-blocking - grenzen staatlicher gefahrenabwehr im internet.|kommunikation auf facebook, twitter & youtube: verfassungsrechtlicher schutz der informationsintermediäre und ihrer nutzer durch die medienfreiheiten.|informationelle selbstbestimmung in netzwerken: rechtsrahmen, gefährdungslagen und schutzkonzepte am beispiel von cloud computing und facebook.|die überwachung lokaler funknetzwerke ("wlan-catching"): informationstechnologische und strafprozessuale aspekte unter besonderer berücksichtigung allgemeiner fragen der internetüberwachung und verschlüsselung.|cloud computing: strafrechtlicher schutz privater und geschäftlicher nutzerdaten vor innentäter-angriffen de lege lata und de lege ferenda.
duncker u. humblot,der bankomatenmissbrauch - seine erscheinungsformen und seine bekämpfung.|gestaltungsformen der teleheimarbeit.|die akzeptanz und die effektivität von standardsoftwaresystemen.|der schutz von computerprogrammen und -chips in der bundesrepublik deutschland und in den usa.|zur notwendigkeit und effektivität eines verbesserten datenrechtlichen persönlichkeitsschutzes im arbeitsrecht.|die hypostasierung des computers: eine kritik der sozialwissenschaftlichen technologiedebatte am beispiel der diskussion um die neuen informations- und kommunikationstechnologien und ihrer anwendung im büro- und verwaltungsbereich.|telearbeit: möglichkeiten und grenzen einer telekommunikativen dezentralisierung von betrieblichen arbeitsplätzen.
duncker und humblot,der wert der wahrheit im schatten des rechts auf informationelle selbstbestimmung: ein beitrag zum zivilrechtlichen ehren-, persönlichkeits- und datenschutz.|kontrolltheoretische entscheidungsmodelle: e. beitr. zur abstimmung von produktion u. lagerhaltung auf unsichere nachfrage.|die rechtliche einheit von hardware und software.|der datenschutzbeauftragte im verfassungssystem: grundsatzfragen der datenschutzkontrolle.|das essential-facility-prinzip und seine verwendung zur öffnung immaterialgüterrechtlich geschützter de-facto-standards für den wettbewerb.|datenschutz bei der datenübermittlung im zivilverfahren.|direktmarketing und persönlichkeitsschutz im rahmen der geschäftsverbindung von bank und kunden.|computergestützte präferenzanalyse mit individuell wichtigen produktmerkmalen.|die belastungs- und verteilungswirkungen der indirekten steuern in der bundesrepublik deutschland.|die sozialauswahl bei betriebsbedingter kündigung: e. versuch d. entwicklung datenverarbeitungsgeeigneter kriterien im spannungsfeld zwischen datenschutz, rechtssicherheit u. sozialer gerechtigkeit.|informationsfreiheit als grenze informationeller selbstbestimmung: verfassungsrechtliche vorgaben der privatrechtlichen informationsordnung.|informationstechnologien in wirtschaft und gesellschaft: sozioökonomische analyse einer technologischen herausforderung.|der urheberrechtliche schutz von mikrochips.|konzeptueller entwurf verteilter betrieblicher informationssysteme: ein objektorientierter ansatz.|auszahlungsaufteilungsverhalten in apex-spielen und versteigerung der spielerrollen: e. spieltheoret. u. experimentelle analyse.|ökonometrische analysen und statistische inferenzkonzepte: über d. inferenzstatist. lösbarkeit ökonometr. spezifikationsprobleme.|das datenschutzrechtliche medienprivileg: presseprivileg bei multimediaanwendungen in deutschland, griechenland und großbritannien unter dem einfluß des europarechts.|die gesetzgebungsgeschichte des internet: die reaktion des gesetzgebers auf das internet unter berücksichtigung der entwicklung in den u.s.a. und unter einbeziehung gemeinschaftsrechtlicher vorgaben.|die strafbarkeit der unbefugten vervielfältigung und verbreitung von standardsoftware.|informationsrechte des forschers im spannungsfeld von transparenzforderungen und datenschutz: zum datenzugang für forschungszwecke in den usa und in der bundesrepublik deutschland.|computergestützte auswahl interkontinentaler distributionsverfahren.|methoden der künstlichen intelligenz zur lösung des prognoseproblems bei der unternehmensbewertung: ein prognoseverfahren auf der grundlage der prädikatenlogik 1. ordnung.|das internet im öffentlichen recht: unter berücksichtigung europarechtlicher und völkerrechtlicher vorgaben.|die diffusion integrativer software-systeme: marketingrelevante besonderheiten von software und deren empirische beschreibung im rahmen eines segmentierungsansatzes auf basis der innerbetrieblichen diffusion.|konzeption eines planungsunterstützenden informationssystems für das dienstleistungsunternehmen kommune: gezeigt an ausgewählten beispielen der kommunalen sozialplanung und sozialpolitik.|der automatisierte verwaltungsakt: die verwaltung an der schwelle von der automation zur informations- und kommunikationstechnik.|rasterfahndung: eine edv-gestützte massenfahndungsmethode im spannungsfeld zwischen einer effektiven strafverfolgung und dem recht auf informationelle selbstbestimmung.|konfirmatorische analysen von modellen des konsumentenverhaltens.|die übermittlung und veröffentlichung statistischer daten im lichte des rechts auf informationelle selbstbestimmung.|zweckbindung und -änderung präventiv und repressiv erhobener daten im bereich der polizei.|rechtmäßigkeit und verwertbarkeit heimlicher stimmvergleiche im strafverfahren.|datenverarbeitung und -nutzung von kreditwürdigkeitsdaten durch fremdnützige verarbeiter: mit einer darstellung der rechtstatsachen bei der schufa und der organisation creditreform.|arbeitsrechtliche fragen bei der einführung und nutzung vernetzter computerarbeitsplätze.
dup,sequence comparison in historical linguistics.
duv,prozessmuster zur unterstützung kooperativer tätigkeit.|zwischen organismus und notation: zur kulturellen konstruktion des computer-programms.|shape from positional-contrast: characterising sketches with qualitative line arrangements.|user modeling for multimedia interfaces: studies in text and graphics understanding.|programmierte graphersetzungssysteme: spezifikation, implementierung und anwendung einer integrierten entwicklungsumgebung.|wiederverwendbare betriebliche anwendungssysteme: grundlagen und methoden ihrer objektorientierten entwicklung.|dokumentenorientierte modellierung und controlling von geschäftsprozessen: integriertes workflow-management in der industrie.|objektlokalisation: ein system zur sprachlichen raumbeschreibung.|informationsverarbeitung im kundendienst: einsatz- und gestaltungsmöglichkeiten.|technologiepotentiale: neuausrichtung der gestaltungsfelder des strategischen technologiemanagements.|datenkonsistenz bei heterogener datenspeicherung: konzept und prototypische realisierung.|kooperation bei der dokumentenbearbeitung: entwicklung einer gruppeneditorumgebung für das internet.|ablaufplanung in der chemischen industrie: optimierung mit evolutionären algorithmen.|wiederverwendungsorientierte softwareentwicklung: architektur und vorgehensmodell am beispiel eines betrieblichen anwendungssystems.|unternehmensübergreifende modellierung von datenstrukturen.|maschinenbelegungsplanung mit evolutionären algorithmen.|die regionalisierung von innovationsprozessen in der informationstechnologie: staatliche forschungsförderung im zeitalter der globalisierung.|integriertes dokumenten- und workflow-management: dargestellt am angebotsprozess von maschinenbauunternehmen.|integrale gestaltung von geschäftsprozessen und anwendungssystemen in dienstleistungsbetrieben.|verschlüsselung und innere sicherheit: die verfassungsrechtliche zulässigkeit eines verschlüsselungsverbots bei elektronischer datenkommunikation.
duv, dt. univ.-verlag,technisierte behörden: verwaltungsinformatisierung und -forschung im zeitalter der computernetze.|modellbasierte fehlerdiagnose: ein objektorientierter ansatz.|fuzzy-datenanalyse durch kontextbasierte datenbankanfragen.|integrationsabhängige nutzeffekte der informationsverarbeitung: vorgehensmodell und empirische ergebnisse.|computergestützter vertrieb von investitionsgütern: analyse - gestaltungsempfehlungen - perspektiven.|prozesse der urteilsrevision: kognitive modellierung der verarbeitung unsicheren wissens.|zentrale und dezentrale informationsverarbeitung in der distributionslogistik: vergleich von beispielsystemen.|objektorientierter fachentwurf: zur eignung objektorientierter ansätze für das fachliche entwerfen von anwendungssoftware.|parallele computergraphik und animation mit transputern.|ausgewählte methoden der ablaufplanung im vergleich.|internet webcasting: generating and matching profiles.|wiederverwendung von informationssystementwürfen: ein fallbasiertes, werkzeuggestütztes ablaufmodell.|ökonomische datenhaltung in der unternehmung: föderierte architekturen als integrationsplattform wettbewerbsorientierter systeme.|public-private-partnership-konzepte für den it-markt.|cscw: generische unterstützung von teamarbeit in verteilten dv-systemen.|betriebliche produktion von information.|zählangaben - massangaben: bedeutung und konzeptuelle interpretation von numeralia.|edifact: ein implementierungskonzept für mittelständische unternehmen.|metaphern in der informatik: modellbildung, formalisierung, anwendung.|entscheidungsunterstützung für hardware-investitionen.|konstruktion und management verteilter anwendungen.
dynamic binary modification: tools, techniques, and applications,dynamic binary modification: tools, techniques, and applications
dynamic business process formation for instant virtual enterprises,automotive industry case studies.
dynamic speech models,dynamic speech models: theory, algorithms, and applications
dynamic stability and control of tripped and untripped vehicle rollover,dynamic stability and control of tripped and untripped vehicle rollover
dynamics and control of dc-dc converters,dynamics and control of dc-dc converters
e-commerce security and privacy,security testing of an online banking service.|a new approach to reasoning about accountability in cryptographic protocols for e-commerce.|provisional authorizations.
e-learning paradigms and applications,designing intelligent agent in multilevel game-based modules for e-learning computer science course.|inter-university virtual learning environment.
e-service intelligence,evaluation of experience-based support for organizational employees.
e. schmidt,modell- und computergestützte planung logistischer systeme: langfristige optimierung von standorten u. lagerkapazitäten.
echord++,arsi: an aerial robot for sewer inspection.|fastkit: a mobile cable-driven parallel robot for logistics.
econometrics of risk,local kendall's tau.|empirical evidence linking futures price movements of biofuel crops and conventional energy fuel.
economics of information security,evaluating damages caused by information systems security incidents.
ed. sigma,neue wege - alte barrieren: beteiligungschancen von frauen in der informatik.|ein kollektiv von individualisten?: interessenvertretung neuer beschäftigtengruppen.|softwareentwicklung und sachbearbeiterqualifikation: e. gestaltungsansatz.
edition dr. stein, wiku verlag,übit - prozessbeschreibungen und templates.
efficient approximation and online algorithms,approximation algorithms for path coloring in trees.|efficient approximation and online algorithms - recent progress on classical combinatorial optimization problems and new applications
efficient quadrature rules for illumination integrals: from quasi monte carlo to bayesian monte carlo,efficient quadrature rules for illumination integrals: from quasi monte carlo to bayesian monte carlo
egc (best of volume),ontology-based formal specifications for user-friendly geospatial data discovery.|user centered cognitive maps.|methods and tools for automatic construction of ontologies from textual resources: a framework for comparison and its application.|advances in knowledge discovery and management - volume 3 [best of egc 2011, brest, france].
elastic shape analysis of three-dimensional objects,elastic shape analysis of three-dimensional objects
electrification of heavy-duty construction vehicles,electrification of heavy-duty construction vehicles
electromagnetic scattering using the iterative multiregion technique,electromagnetic scattering using the iterative multiregion technique
electromagnetics and antenna optimization using taguchi's method,electromagnetics and antenna optimization using taguchi's method
electronically scanned arrays,electronically scanned arrays
ellipse fitting for computer vision,ellipse fitting for computer vision: implementation and applications
elsevier,logic: a history of its central concepts|sets and extensions in the twentieth century|inductive logic
elwert,anwaltshaftung für computerfehler: haftungsrisiken beim einsatz elektronischer datenverarbeitung in anwaltskanzleien und notariaten.|richterliches informationsmanagement und datenschutz.|nicht-lineares information-retrieval in der juristischen informationssuche.|computerschriftzeichenschutz: der schutz typographischer schriftzeichen - insbesondere computerschriften - durch das schriftzeichengesetz und andere vorschriften.|methodik der vergleichenden untersuchung von justizsoftware: am beispiel der programme sijus-familie und sojus-fam für die geschäftsstelle des familiengerichts und dreier unterhaltsberechnungsprogramme.|austausch juristisch relevanter fakten zwischen heterogenen anwendungen.|celex: profil einer datenbank.|vorstudien zur computergestützten logischen strukturanalyse des un-kaufrechts.
embedded flash memory for embedded systems,floating-gate 1tr-nor eflash memory.|split-gate floating poly superflash® memory technology, design, and reliability.
embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part i,embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part i
embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part ii,embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part ii
embedded systems design with the texas instruments msp432 32-bit processor,embedded systems design with the texas instruments msp432 32-bit processor
embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller i: assembly language programming,embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller i: assembly language programming
embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller ii: digital and analog hardware interfacing,embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller ii: digital and analog hardware interfacing
emergent intelligence of networked agents,the impact of network model on performance of load-balancing.
emergent web intelligence,user profiles modeling in information retrieval systems.|hyperchaotic encryption for secure e-mail communication.|harvesting intelligence in multimedia social tagging systems.
emerging artificial intelligence applications in computer engineering,semantics enabled problem based brokering of organizational knowledge.|interoperable cross media content and drm for multichannel distribution.
emerging trends in the evolution of service-oriented and enterprise architectures,leveraging analytics for digital transformation of enterprise services and architectures.
emotion modeling,creating a world for socio-cultural agents.
emotions and personality in personalized services,introduction to emotions and personality in personalized systems.
empirische pädagogik e.v.,computergestützte exploration psychosozialer anforderungen und ressourcen: entwicklung und erprobung eines verfahrens zur interaktiven computerdiagnostik.
empowering professional teaching in engineering,empowering professional teaching in engineering: sustaining the scholarship of teaching
emt,herzschallanalyse mit automatischem diagnosevorschlag auf der basis neuronaler netze.
enabling optical internet with advanced network technologies,introduction to ip over wdm.
encounters with hci pioneers,encounters with hci pioneers: a personal history and photo journal
end user development,end-user development: the software shaping workshop approach.|end-user development: an emerging paradigm.
energy-efficient scheduling under delay constraints for wireless networks,energy-efficient scheduling under delay constraints for wireless networks
engelhardt und bauer,konzept einer bibliotheksbasiert konfigurierbaren hardware-testeinrichtung für eingebettete elektronische systeme.
engineering and management of it-based service systems,improving decision-making for clinical research and health administration.
engineering and social justice,engineering and social justice
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part i,engineering and society: working towards social justice, part i: engineering and society
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part ii,engineering and society: working towards social justice, part ii: decisions in the 21st century
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part iii,engineering and society: working towards social justice, part iii: windows on society
engineering and sustainable community development,engineering and sustainable community development
engineering and war: militarism, ethics, institutions, alternatives,engineering and war: militarism, ethics, institutions, alternatives
engineering dependable software systems,model-based verification, optimization, synthesis and performance evaluation of real-time systems.
engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth,engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth
engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth, second edition,engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth, second edition
engineering evolutionary intelligent systems,a neural-genetic technique for coastal engineering: determining wave-induced seabed liquefaction depth.
engineering principles in everyday life for non-engineers,engineering principles in everyday life for non-engineers
engineering secure future internet services and systems,empirical assessment of security requirements and architecture: lessons learned.
engineering thermodynamics and 21st century energy problems,engineering thermodynamics and 21st century energy problems: a textbook companion for student engagement
engineering, poverty, and the earth,engineering, poverty, and the earth
engineering: women and leadership,engineering: women and leadership
engineers engaging community: water and energy,engineers engaging community: water and energy
engineers for korea,engineers for korea
engineers within a local and global society,engineers within a local and global society
engineers, society, and sustainability,engineers, society, and sustainability
enhanced living environments,automation in systematic, scoping and rapid reviews by an nlp toolkit: a case study in enhanced living environments.
enhancing cryptographic primitives with techniques from error correcting codes,enhancing cryptographic primitives with techniques from error correcting codes|symbolic dynamics, codes, and perfectly balanced functions.
enke,neurosemantik: grundlagen einer praxiologischen kognitiven neurowissenschaft.
ensemble methods in data mining,ensemble methods in data mining: improving accuracy through combining predictions
ensembles in machine learning applications,a novel ensemble technique for protein subcellular location prediction.|on the design of low redundancy error-correcting output codes.
entity resolution in the web of data,entity resolution in the web of data
epistemology versus ontology,epistemology versus ontology - essays on the philosophy and foundations of mathematics in honour of per martin-löf
epodium,netzwerke aus inszenierung und öffentlichkeit - protest, kunst und theater auf youtube.
epos music,musik und virtualität: digitale virtualität im kontext computerbasierter musikproduktion.
epsilon-verlag,klartextverarbeitung als integraler bestandteil medizinischer dokumentation: modell, implementierung und evaluation eines maschinellen klassifikationssystems.
epubli,nonlinear state estimation and noise adaptive kalman filter design for wind turbines.|die destruktive wirkung der informationstechnologie auf die intellektuelle entwicklung des menschen.|seamless interoperability and data portability in the social web for facilitating an open and heterogeneous online social network federation.|high-performance video decoding using graphics processing units.|interpretbank: design and implementation of a terminology and knowledge management software for conference interpreters.|agile methods in the digital transformation - exploration of the organizational processes of an agile transformation.|signal adaptive methods to optimize prediction signals in video coding.|unsupervised object candidate discovery for activity recognition.|ordered restarting automata.|around-body interaction: leveraging limb movements for interacting in a digitally augmented physical world.|unterstützung der koexistenz von agilen und traditionellen anforderungsartefakten.|bestimmung der antizipationsfähigkeit im karate-kumite unter nutzung der virtuellen realität.|security in embedded avionic systems using the concept of multiple independent levels of security.|consumer selection and use of software - empirical studies on non-rational decision making.|behavior-based malware detection with quantitative data flow analysis.|risk factors of health wearables.|hybrid 3d reconstruction for geometry-based free viewpoint video.|3d-printed interaction: digital fabrication of touch, deformation, and environmental sensing.|software developers' work habits and expertise: empirical studies on sketching, code plagiarism, and expertise development.|augmenting mathematical formulae for more effective querying & efficient presentation.
epubli gmbh,digitale evolution, revolution, devolution?: das kunstwerk im zeitalter seiner digitalen reproduzierbarkeit am vergleichenden beispiel der musik- und literaturbranche.|visual analytics of social media for situation awareness.|on the role of triadic substructures in complex networks.|visualization techniques for group structures in graphs.|anti-war and the cyber triangle: strategic implications of cyber operations and cyber security for the state.|zur nutzerakzeptanz bei telemedizinischen systemen.|recommender systems.|zahlvorstellung und operieren am mentalen zahlenstrahl: eine untersuchung im mathematischen anfangsunterricht zu computergestützten eigenkonstruktionen mit hilfe einer logo-umgebung.|comparative assessment of cloud compute services using run-time meta-data: a framework for performance measurements and virtual machine image introspections.
ergon verlag,religion@home? religionsbezogene online-plattformen und ihre nutzung; eine untersuchung zu neuen formen gegenwärtiger religiosität.
ergonomia,nutzungserlebnis im elektrofahrzeug: gestaltung und untersuchung einer multimodalen energie-schnittstelle.
erich schmidt,expertensysteme zur technischen fehlerdiagnose: eine betriebswirtschaftlich orientierte analyse ihrer leistungs- und gestaltungspotentiale.|integrierte anwendungssoftware und unternehmensorganisation: ein neues aufbauorganisatorisches konzept zum abbau von hierarchieebenen.|online-kostenrechnung für die cim-planung: prozessorientierte kostenrechnung zur ablaufplanung flexibler fertigungssysteme.|prüfbarkeit von edv-systemen.|bürokommunikation mit inhouse-netzen: entwicklung e. simulationsmodells d. betriebl. kommunikationssystems als hilfsmittel für entscheidungen über d. einsatz neuer kommunikationstechnik.|wissensbasierte überwachung und planung in der fertigung.|konfliktfeld bewertung: nutzungsformen neuer informations- und kommunikationstechnologien zwischen wirtschaftlichkeit und scheinwirtschaftlichkeit.|kostenoptimale arbeitsteilung im büro: der einfluss neuer informations- und kommunikationstechnik auf organisation und kosten der büroarbeit.|aktuelle rechtsfragen der telearbeit.|organisations- und qualifizierungskonzepte bei cad-cam-einführung: voraussetzungen erfolgreicher anwendung flexibler automatisierungssysteme.|systemprüfung datenbankgestützter informationssysteme: grundlagen für systemdokumentation, internes kontrollsystem u. computergestützte prüfungstechniken aus d. sicht d. aktienrechtl. jahresabschlussprüfung.|pps als cim-baustein: gestaltung d. produktionsplanung u. -steuerung für d. computerintegrierte produktion.
ernst,konzept zur definition und kombination von lasten im rahmen der deutschen sicherheitsrichtlinie.
esprint-verlag,höhen-limitierte zugriffsbäume in homogenen und hierarchischen speichern.
essential principles for autonomous robotics,essential principles for autonomous robotics
essential speech and language technology for dutch,cornetto: a combinatorial lexical semantic database for dutch.|large scale syntactic annotation of written dutch: lassy.|parse and corpus-based machine translation.
essentials of applied mathematics for engineers and scientists,essentials of applied mathematics for engineers and scientists, second edition
essentials of applied mathematics for scientists and engineers,essentials of applied mathematics for scientists and engineers
essentials of game theory: a concise multidisciplinary introduction,essentials of game theory: a concise multidisciplinary introduction
estimating the query difficulty for information retrieval,estimating the query difficulty for information retrieval
estimation of cortical connectivity in humans: advanced signal processing techniques,estimation of cortical connectivity in humans: advanced signal processing techniques
eth zurich, zürich, verlag der fachvereine, switzerland,an architecture for distributed databases on workstations.
ethics for bioengineers,ethics for bioengineers
eul,zur akzeptanz von expertensystemen: eine empirische analyse der relevanz und angemessenheit der erklärungskomponente.|verminderung des produkteinführungsrisikos durch virtual reality-unterstützte konzepttests: eine experimentelle studie zur durchführung von vr-car clinics.|verteilte leistungserstellung auf der basis agentenbasierter informationssysteme: dargestellt am beispiel von multimedia-dienstleistern.|standardisierte konzeptionen für die bürokommunikation: dargestellt am beispiel mittelständischer grosshandelsunternehmungen ausgewählter branchen.|case-integriertes software-konfigurationsmanagement: bestandsaufnahme und gestaltungsempfehlungen unter einbeziehung einer empirisch-explorativen studie.|modell zur wissensbasierten problemlösung in der beschaffungs-logistik.|patientensteuerung: am beispiel der radiologie eines krankenhauses.|erfahrungswissen für das management von software-entwicklungsprojekten.|qualifizierung und technologie: betriebswirtschaftliche aspekte der qualifizierung bei einführung von technologien zur unterstützung von informations- und kommunikationsprozessen im büro- und verwaltungsbereich.|mobile business: geschäftsmodelle und kooperationen.|systematik der erstellung, validierung, organisatorischen einbindung und wirtschaftlichkeitsbetrachtung von expertensystemen im unternehmen.|strategische ausrichtung des informations-controlling: ein konzept zur einbindung der informationsverarbeitung in die strategischen managementprozesse einer unternehmung.|unternehmungsplanung in softwarehäusern: entwurf und weiterentwicklung eines bezugsrahmens auf der basis empirischer explorationen in softwarehäusern in der bundesrepublik deutschland.|ein dialogsystem zur planung und steuerung innovativer verfahrenstechnischer projekte.|nutzungsmöglichkeiten von bildschirmtext an wissenschaftlichen hochschulen: dargest. am beispiel d. univ. zu köln.|dezentrale anwendungsentwicklung: entwicklung von betrieblichen anwendungssystemen durch fachabteilungen und endbenutzer in deutschen grossunternehmen.|die prüfung von adv-programmen: e. entscheidungsorientierte analyse d. methoden zur revision von softwaresystemen.|entwicklung eines expertensystems zur beurteilung von radiowerbung.|bricks & clicks im e-business.|ablaufmodellierung als analyse-, entwurfs- und realisierungsmethodik im softwareentwicklungsprozess.|kundenorientierter bürosystem-einsatz.|virtuelle transaktionsgemeinschaften im electronic commerce: management, marketing und soziale umwelt.|verarbeitung von partiellen wahrscheinlichkeitsinformationen in entscheidungsunterstützenden systemen.|agentenbasierte informationserschließung im world wide web unter einsatz von künstlichen neuronalen netzen und fuzzy-logik.|integration unterschiedlich strukturierter daten.|ein entscheidungsunterstützendes system zur bewertung von forschungs- und entwicklungsprojekten: ein pc-gestützter prototyp.|situative gestaltung des it-produktmanagements: eine empirische untersuchung.|unternehmenskultur in internet-unternehmen: gestaltungsmöglichkeiten durch gründer und führungskräfte.|senioren im internet.|organisatorische gestaltung des informationsschutzes in der unternehmung: analyt. u. konzeptionelle grundlagen zur entwicklung e. informationsschutz-systems im büro- u. verwaltungsbereich.|erfolgsfaktoren für die entwicklung wissensbasierter systeme im finanzdienstleistungsbereich: ableitung von handlungsempfehlungen auf basis einer empirischen erhebung.|anforderungen an integrierte telekooperationssysteme zur steigerung der effektivität und effizienz verteilter zusammenarbeit.|computergestützte optionsgeschäfte in theorie und anwendung.|webdesign, informationssuche und flow: nutzerverhalten auf unterschiedlich strukturierten websites.|koordination verteilter und heterogener datenbanksysteme.|entwurf logischer datenstrukturen für konzeptionelle schemata von datenbanken.|anforderungen und gestaltungskriterien bei der entwicklung von benutzerschnittstellen für expertensysteme.|grundlagen eines informationssystems für die langfristige absatzführung in mittelständischen betrieben der konsumgüterindustrie.|organisatorische gestaltung des informations-managements: konzeption und aufbauorganisatorische aspekte.|entwicklung von branchenspezifischen integrierten bürokommunikationssystemen - dargestellt am beispiel der wirtschaftsverbände.|konstruktion und analyse strukturierter spezifikationen der benutzeranforderungen bei der gestaltung rechnergestützter betrieblicher informationssysteme.|transparent and flexible data sharing for synchronous groupware.|integration von wissensmanagement und kollaborativem lernen durch technisch unterstützte kommunikationsprozesse.|konzipierung und einführung von bürosystemen in non-profit-organisationen: dargest. am beispiel e. wirtschaftsspitzenverb.|computergestütztes investitions-controlling in filialunternehmen des einzelhandels.|problemmustererkennung zur auswahl von verschnittplanungsverfahren: e. expertensystem.|ein informationstheoretischer ansatz der klassischen diskriminanzanalyse.|integriertes informationsmanagement: die koordination von informationsverarbeitung, organisation und personalwirtschaft bei der planung, durchführung, kontrolle und steuerung des einsatzes neuer informationstechnologie in der unternehmung.|analysemuster in der architektur kommerzieller informationssysteme.|verteilungsaspekte im rahmen der strategischen informationssystemplanung.|testaufwandsschätzung in der softwareentwicklung: modell der einflussfaktoren und methode zur organisationsspezifischen aufwandsschätzung.|entwicklung eines netz-modells zur erfassung einer petrochemischen produktion.|integration konzeptioneller datenbankschemata.|computergestützte problemstrukturierung: anwendung d. interpretativen strukturmodellierungs-technik in gruppen.|erfolgspotenzial elektronischer b2b-marktplätze: theorie - empirie - fallstudien.|generalisierte kontextmodellierung auf basis von zustandsgraphen: eine methode zur ermittlung von kontexten für einzelne benutzer und benutzergruppen.|rechnergestützte organisatorische gestaltung: entwicklungsstand und betriebswirtschaftliche beurteilung.|regelbindungen in ökonomischen differenzengleichungssystemen.|ein standardmodul zur lösung kombinatorischer entscheidungsprobleme der produktionssteuerung.|die gestaltung der aufbauorganisation des betrieblichen informations- und kommunikationssystems: entwicklung eines computergestützten gestaltungsverfahrens.|akzeptanzorientierte systemgestaltung: möglichkeiten und grenzen von prototyping mit benutzerbeteiligung am beispiel eines informations- und kommunikationssystems im rechnerverbund.|ein lernendes mustererkennungssystem zur betrieblichen prozesssteuerung: entwicklung e. expertensystems.|analyse von zeitreihen mit kalenderunregelmässigkeiten.|ein meta-modell-konzept zur analyse von geschäftsprozessen.|flexibilisierung kollaborativer prozessmodellierung durch den einsatz webbasierter modellierungswerkzeuge.|informations- und kommunikationssysteme in kooperationen.|abbildungsqualität von wissensbasierten systemen: eine methodologie zur evaluierung.|theoretische und konzeptionelle grundlagen der bürosystem-planung.|betriebswirtschaftliche prüfungen als heuristische suchprozesse: d. entwurf e. pragmat. orientierten prüfungstheorie auf d. grundlage d. angelsächs. empir. prüfungsforschung.|internet-basierte informationssysteme in betrieblichen prozessen: einsatzbereiche und vorgehensmodell.|objektorientierte systemgestaltung: potentiale objektorientierter hilfsmittel zur steigerung der effizienz von systemgestaltungsprozessen.|die adoption des electronic commerce im deutschen einzelhandel.|vorgehensmodelle für die entwicklung wissensbasierter systeme: empirische untersuchung der auf der grundlage systematischer vorgehensmodelle durchgeführten gestaltung wissensbasierter systeme.|wissensmodellbasierte audit support systems: ein beitrag zur architektur integrierter informationssysteme im rahmen der jahresabschlussprüfung.|collaboration support for the distributed development of ontologies.
eul verlag,agiles software quality function deployment.|entwicklung eines rahmenkonzepts zur it-basierten unterstützung des chancen- und risikomanagements in konzernen.
eul, germany,planspieltechnik und computer-based-training zur schulung von einkäufern im handel.
euroc,timairis: autonomous blank feeding for packaging machines.
eurotrans-verlag,betriebliche informations- und kommunikationssysteme als instrumente zur verbesserung der unternehmensführung.|modellierung kategorialer paneldaten: empirische analysen zum ifo-konjunkturtest.|qualitäts- und sicherheitsmanagement: ein ansatz zur berücksichtigung funktionaler und qualitativer sicherheitsanforderungen.|zukunftskonzept multimedia: geschichtliche entwicklungsstufen, anwendungsfelder und anwenderpräferenzen.
eusl,erfolgsfaktoren eines multimedialen mitarbeiterportals: eine evaluative studie in der hypovereinsbank.
evaluating user experience in games,using heuristics to evaluate the overall user experience of video games and advanced interaction games.
evolution of telecommunication services,internet of services.
evolutionary algorithms and chaotic systems,evolutionary algorithms and chaotic systems|cryptography based on spatiotemporal chaotic systems.|evolutionary design of chaos control in 1d.
evolutionary based solutions for green computing,energy-aware provisioning of hpc services through virtualised web services.
evolutionary computation in dynamic and uncertain environments,an evolutionary approach for robust layout synthesis of mems.
evolutionary computation in practice,resource scheduling with permutation based representations: three applications.|making interactive evolutionary graphic design practical.
evolutionary design of intelligent systems in modeling, simulation and control,fuzzy personality model based on transactional analysis and vsm for socially intelligent agents and robots.
evolutionary scheduling,evolvable fuzzy scheduling scheme for multiple-channelpacket switching network.|a scenario-based evolutionary scheduling approach for assessing future supply chain fleet capabilities.|a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm for channel routing problems.
evolvable hardware,hierarchical networks-on-chip architecture for neuromorphic hardware.
evolve,evolve - a bridge between probability, set oriented numerics and evolutionary computation
examining robustness and vulnerability of networked systems,on risk-averse weighted k-club problems.|bilinear markovian processes of search for stationary and moving objects.
excelsior,communication with an automatic computer
experience design,experience design: technology for all the right reasons
experience-centered design,experience-centered design: designers, users, and communities in dialogue
expert-verlag,modellierung von textilem fachwissen in expertensystemen: mit 11 tabellen.|nutzfahrzeug-echtzeitsimulation auf parallelrechnern mit hardware in the loop.|kosten-nutzenoptimierung von tests modellbasiert entwickelter fahrzeugfunktionen.|eine objektorientierte sprache für die modellierung von produktionsprozessen und die implementierung von leitständen zur produktionsdurchführungsplanung.|bauschadensdiagnose von holzkonstruktionen.|koordination der durchführungsplanung eines mehrstufigen produktionsprozesses in der textilindustrie: interagierende produktionsleitstände für die stufenübergreifende koordination und dezentrale maschinenbelegungsplanung mit evolutionsverfahren ; mit 13 tabellen.|automation im mauerwerksbau: voraussetzungen, verfahren, wirtschaftlichkeit.
explainable ai,the (un)reliability of saliency methods.|explaining and interpreting lstms.
exploitation of a ship's magnetic field signatures,exploitation of a ship's magnetic field signatures
exploiting the power of group differences,exploiting the power of group differences: using patterns to solve data analysis problems
exploratory causal analysis with time series data,exploratory causal analysis with time series data
exploratory search: beyond the query-response paradigm,exploratory search: beyond the query-response paradigm
exploring context in information behavior,exploring context in information behavior: seeker, situation, surroundings, and shared identities
exploring new roles for librarians: the research informationist,exploring new roles for librarians: the research informationist
exploring representation in evolutionary level design,exploring representation in evolutionary level design
express-edition,spezifikation und generierung von übersetzern für graph-sprachen durch attributierte graph-grammatiken.
faceted search,faceted search
fachbereich geowiss., fu,temporale und nontemporale computer-animation in der kartographie.
fachbereich informatik der univ.,datenbankunterstützung für prolog-programmierumgebungen.
fachmedien recht und wirtschaft, dfv mediengruppe,datenverarbeitung in sozialen netzwerken.|big data in der automobilindustrie: die erhebung von fahrzeugfunktionsdaten als rechtsproblem.
fachrichtung geodäsie und geoinformatik der leibniz-univ.,optimization aspects in the generalization of 3d building models.
fachrichtung vermessungswesen der univ.,erkennung der kartenschrift mit einem expertensystem.|interpolation und auswertung digitaler geländemodelle mit methoden der digitalen bildverarbeitung.|untersuchungen zur stereoauswertung von spot-satellitenaufnahmen mit hilfe der digitalen bildverarbeitung.
fachverlag für büro- u. organisationstechnik,büro der zukunft: mikrocomputer u. telekommunikation: e. gesamtschau zu technik, organisation u. marketing.
fal,automatisches erkennen des konzeptionsoptimums bei milchkühen mit hilfe rechnergestützter systeme zur herdenüberwachung: arbeit aus d. inst. für betriebstechnik d. bundesforschungsanst. für landwirtschaft braunschweig-völkenrode (fal) u.d. inst. für tierzucht u. tierverhalten d. christian-albrechts-univ. zu kiel.
fault analysis in cryptography,fault injection and key retrieval experiments on an evaluation board.
fault tolerant computer architecture,fault tolerant computer architecture
feature selection for data and pattern recognition,selection of visual descriptors for the purpose of multi-camera object re-identification.
feedback control systems,feedback control systems: the matlab®/simulink® approach
ferber,ein simulationsmodell zur technischen zuverlässigkeit flexibler fertigungssysteme.
fernuniv., fachbereich informatik,recursive and computable operations over topological structures.
fgm-verlag,marketing und datenschutz: probleme, lösungsansätze, empirische ergebnisse.
field-coupled nanocomputing,electric clock for nanomagnet logic circuits.
fieldwork for healthcare: case studies investigating human factors in computing systems,fieldwork for healthcare: case studies investigating human factors in computing systems
fieldwork for healthcare: guidance for investigating human factors in computing systems,fieldwork for healthcare: guidance for investigating human factors in computing systems
fifty years of fuzzy logic and its applications,fuzzy information retrieval systems: a historical perspective.|handling noise and outliers in fuzzy clustering.
fighting terror in cyberspace,clustering algorithms for variable-length vectors and their application to detecting terrorist activities.
fin shape thermal optimization using bejan's constructal theory,fin shape thermal optimization using bejan's constructal theory
finite element method simulation of 3d deformable solids,finite element method simulation of 3d deformable solids
finite state machine datapath design, optimization, and implementation,finite state machine datapath design, optimization, and implementation
fink, germany,poesiemaschinen, maschinenpoesie: zur frühgeschichte computerisierter texterzeugung und generativer systeme.
fischer,pharmakommunikation im internetzeitalter: theorie und praxis eines patientenorientierten kommunikationsmanagements am beispiel der pharmabranche schweiz.|telematik in der tourismuswirtschaft: wirtschaftliche auswirkungen neuer technischer informations- und kommunikationssysteme (insbesondere bildschirmtext) im reiseverkehrssektor der bundesrepublik deutschland.|akzeptanzforschung zu bildschirmtext: methoden u. ergebnisse.|der grenzüberschreitende datenfluss: (gdf) ; ein neues phänomen der internationalen kommunikation.|hypermedien im internet: nutzung und ausgewählte effekte der linkgestaltung.|neue medien im aussendienst: einsatzmöglichkeiten u. zukunftsperspektiven.|bildschirmtext im einzelhandel: chancen, risiken u. künftige handlungsspielräume für d. marketing.|entwicklung und akzeptanz multimedialer zeitschriften.|das schweigen der lurker: politische partizipation und soziale kontrolle in online-diskussionsforen.|bildschirmtext im bereich privater haushalte: akzeptanz u. nutzungsmöglichkeiten.|neue informations- und kommunikationstechnologien und bundesstaatliche kompetenzordnung.
fischer-löw,digitale bildverarbeitung im agrarbereich unter spezieller berücksichtigung der entwicklung eines systems zur erkennung von ackerunkräutern.
fish4knowledge,supercomputing resources.|data groundtruthing and crowdsourcing.
fiz karlsruhe,entwicklung eines framework für die begriffliche optimierung von patentanfragen.
flexible approaches in data, information and knowledge management,flexible bipolar querying of uncertain data using an ontology.
florentz,steuerplanung im unternehmen mit einem computergestützten modell.|arbeitnehmerdatenschutz im spannungsfeld von bundesdatenschutzgesetz und betriebsverfassungsgesetz.|steuerung projektlogistischer systeme mit hilfe der netzorientierten formalen sprache lcs (loosely coupled system) und ihrer erweiterung is (interaction system).|die bedeutung der externen edv im steuerberatenden beruf.|instrumente der betrieblichen steuerplanung von personengesellschaften: integration in e. computergestützte instrumentenbank.|das modell der ausgleichslösung: e. spieltheoret. fundierter ansatz zur unterstützung von unternehmungsentscheidungen bei mehrfacher zielsetzung.|völkerrechtliche aspekte der bemühungen um eine neue weltinformationsordnung.|computerunterstützte anlage- und vermögensberatung.|vehicle-routing- und scheduling-probleme unter besonderer berücksichtigung von dial-a-ride-problemen.|computerkriminalität in eigentums- und vermögensstrafrechtlicher sicht.|der allgemeine informationsanspruch des betriebsrats.
fml,kommunikationskonzept für selbststeuernde fahrzeugkollektive in der intralogistik.
forkel-verlag,case-werkzeuge: konzepte zur erhöhung von einsatzbreite und leistungsspektrum.
formal concept analysis of social networks,multimodal clustering for community detection.
formalisms for reuse and systems integration,a model-based approach for user requirements decomposition and component selection.
forschungszentrum jülich,parallelisation potential of image segmentation in hierarchical island structures on hardware-accelerated platforms in real-time applications.
forschungszentrum jülich, zentralbibliothek,characterizing load and communication imbalance in parallel applications.
fouille de données complexe,une approche basée sur la qualité pour faciliter l'intégration de modèles de cubes de données spatiales.|classification automatique de documents bruités à faible contenu textuel.|aide au diagnostic de pannes guidée par l'extraction de motifs séquentiels.
fouille de données complexes,exploration visuelle de données spatiotemporelles imprécises : application en archéologie.
fouille de données d'opinions,approches statistique et linguistique pour la classification de textes d'opinion portant sur les films.|analyse de discours évaluatif, modèle linguistique et applications.
foundations and novel approaches in data mining,svm-od: svm method to detect outliers.
foundations of computational intelligence (1),new multi-objective algorithms for neural network training applied to genomic classification data.
foundations of computational intelligence (2),intermediate degrees are needed for the world to be cognizable: towards a new justification for fuzzy logic ideas.
foundations of computational intelligence (3),an evolutionary approximation for the coefficients of decision functions within a support vector machine learning strategy.
foundations of computational intelligence (4),post-processing evolved decision trees.|evolutionary fuzzy clustering: an overview and efficiency issues.|efficient construction of image feature extraction programs by using linear genetic programming with fitness retrieval and intermediate-result caching.|optimizing information retrieval using evolutionary algorithms and fuzzy inference system.
foundations of computational intelligence (5),an empirical evaluation of the effectiveness of different types of predictor attributes in protein function prediction.
foundations of computational intelligence (6),a data mining approach for adaptive path planning on large road networks.
foundations of data mining and knowledge discovery,improved knowledge mining with the multimethod approach.
foundations of data quality management,foundations of data quality management
fpga-accelerated simulation of computer systems,fpga-accelerated simulation of computer systems
fractal analysis of breast masses in mammograms,fractal analysis of breast masses in mammograms
fractional order control and synchronization of chaotic systems,behavioral modeling of chaos-based applications by using verilog-a.
framing privacy in digital collections with ethical decision making,framing privacy in digital collections with ethical decision making
frank & timme, verlag für wissenschaftliche literatur,texte sprachbewusst optimieren: ein linguistisches kategoriensystem für die computergestützte revision qualitätsrelevanter sprachlicher merkmale in texten.
frankfurt school verlag,einsatz von empfehlungssystemen zur kundenansprache in banken: eine konzeptionelle untersuchung anhand des retailgeschäfts traditioneller universalbanken.
franzbecker,die entwicklung einer arbeitswissenschaftlichen wissensbasis für ein cad-system.|künstliche intelligenz, logik und mathematikunterricht.|informations- und kommunikationstechnische grundbildung in einem forschenden mathematikunterricht.|cad im konstruktionsprozess: auswirkungen d. rechnergestützten konstruierens auf d. konstruktionsarbeit u. möglichkeiten d. menschengerechten gestaltung.|zum einsatz des computers als werkzeug beim interaktiven programmieren im mathematikunterricht der hauptschule: ein vorschlag zum lernbereich "prozent-, zins- und zinseszinsrechnung" unter besonderer berücksichtigung des logo-systems.
fraunhofer verlag,gestaltungsrichtlinien für die visualisierung von produktinformationen in der virtuellen umgebung cave zur unterstützung von design review teams.|interaktionstechniken zur virtuellen exterieurbeurteilung im industriellen automobildesign.|continuous adjoint-based shape optimization for particle transport problems in fluids.|methodology for the in-process evaluation of software-based process failures in selective laser melting machine tools.|optimized data integration for tracelinking in product development through the application of semantic web technologies.|hydeep: transparent combination of measurement and expert data for defect predictions.|qualitative reliability analysis of software-controlled systems using state/event fault trees.|ein verfahren zur automatischen erzeugung intelligenter prozessüberwachungssysteme.|fieldplacer - a flexible, fast and unconstrained force-directed placement method for heterogeneous reconfigurable logic architectures.|quality assurance for mobile business applications.|outer-plane properties of thin heterogeneous periodic layers.|generation of usable policy administration points for security and privacy.|advanced interpolation cut-cell method for numerically solving continuum granular flow equations.|agile practice experience repository for process improvement.|on modeling and simulation of industrial fiber spinning processes: diffusive effects, electrified jets and turbulent airflows.|context-aware security.|container fleet management in closed-loop supply chains.|sieve estimators for spatial data: nonparametric regression and density models with wavelets for strong mixing random fields.|pseudostabile mengen in graphen.|the working posture controller: automated adaptation of the workpiece pose to enable a neutral working posture.|efficient algorithms for production scheduling.|switch observability for differential-algebraic systems.: analysis, observer design and application to power networks.|elastic image registration with strong mass preserving constraints.|prioritization in incremental requirements engineering.|modeling and solution of continuous set covering problems by means of semi-infinite optimization.|mathematical models for the simulation of combined depth and cake filtration processes.|solving semi-infinite optimization problems with quadratic rate of convergence.|adaptives entwicklungstool zur intelligenten konfigurierung von condition-monitoring-algorithmen.|task-specific architecture documentation for developers.|perturbed projection methods in convex optimization - applied to radiotherapy planning.|asymptotic analysis and design optimization for periodic perforated shells.|utilizing change impact analysis for improving effort estimation in agile software development.|a method and it-framework for on-demand delivery in make-to-order construction supply chains.|verfahren zur schnellen, digitalen modellbildung für inspektions- und reengineeringprozesse.|improving the consistency and completeness of safety requirements specifications.|conservation and accuracy in meshfree generalized finite difference methods.|methodik zur gestaltung und evaluierung der software-gebrauchstauglichkeit bei der ersten oder bei seltener anwendung.|jet and fiber dynamics with high elongations: models, numerical strategies and applications.|ein verfahren zur formulierung von suchstrategien für die identifikation neuer technologien.|fault-tolerant self-calibrating pseudolite system.|entwicklung eines validierungsframeworks zur erlebbaren absicherung von fahrerassistenzsystemen.|a methodology for a scalable building performance simulation based on modular components.|continuum models for bi-disperse granular material flows capturing the process of size segregation.|investigation of the filter cake formation process using dem-cfd simulation with experimentally calibrated parameters.|gestaltungsaspekte immersiver fahrsimulationsumgebungen: einfluss visueller und auditiver parameter auf die fahrerverhaltensvalidität.|interaktive fahr- und betriebssimulation von fahrzeugen, land- und baumaschinen - ein neuer ansatz.|numerical algorithms for fluid interaction with a thin porous structure.|agentenbasierte automatisierung des betriebs industrieller produkt-service systeme.|dynamic behavior risk assessment for autonomous systems.|order reduction for nonlinear dynamic models of district heating networks.|numerische algorithmen für gitterfreie methoden zur lösung von transportproblemen.|integrated simulation and optimization of distillation-based flowsheets.|a user-oriented, comprehensive system for the 6 dof recognition of arbitrary rigid household objects.|identification and specification of hedonic quality in user requirements.|konzept einer bim-basierten smarten bauablaufplanung unter berücksichtigung von lean-prozessstrategien.|empirically-based method for performing qualitative synthesis in software engineering.|resource-optimized verification planning for mechatronic systems in the virtual stage of product creation.|proactive support for conceptual interoperability analysis of software units.|pareto optimization and decision making in process design.|a differential-algebraic coupling approach for force-displacement co-simulation of flexible multibody systems with kinematic coupling.|die entwicklung und bewertung von geschäftsmodellen für software-as-a-service.|enabling functional integration testing by using heterogeneous models.|a model-driven methodology for the development of monitoring dashboards.|computational contact mechanics based on implicit boundary representation for voxel-based meshes.|dynamische reifensimulation mit geometrisch exakten schalen: von der schale zum reifen.
fraunhofer-irb-verlag,die qualität wissenschaftlich-technischer visualisierungen: konzepte und fallstudien.|effektiver einsatz grundlegender darstellungsprimitive zur informationsvisualisierung.|improved software cost estimation: a robust and interpretable modeling method and a comprehensive empirical investigation.|integrierte benutzerunterstützung für die visualisierung in geo-informationssystemen.|muster-basierte erstellung von software-projektplänen.|planning software reuse: a disciplined scoping approach for software product lines.|adaptive measurement plans for software development.|modellierung von layout und steuerungsregeln für die materialfluss-simulation.|ein offenes rahmensystem zur wissenskristallisierung ökonomischer daten.|costumizing software engineering experience management systems to organizational needs.|a knowledge management infrastructure for systematic improvement in software engineering.|verfahren zur redundanten und distributiven datenverarbeitung in drahtlosen sensornetzen.|anpassbare methodenassistenz in case-werkzeugen.|cost-effective detection of software defects through perspective-based inspections.|virtual-engineering-teams in der verteilten produktentwicklung.|globale beleuchtungs-simulation in interaktiven umgebungen.|change-oriented requirements traceability: support for evolution of embedded systems.|virtual reality in assembly simulation: collision detection, simulation algorithms, and interaction techniques.|an integrated approach to simulation based learning in support of strategic and project management in software organisations.|konzeption eines adaptiven frameworks für 3d-geo-informationssysteme.|pattern-based refinement and translation of object-oriented models to code.|physikalisch basierte simulation in virtuellen umgebungen.|surfacing ambiguity in natural language requirements.|intelligente graphisch-interaktive benutzerführung zu geodaten-archiven.|physically based thermal feedback for real time user interaction in virtual environments.|invariante textursegmentierung mit mehrkanalmethoden.|eine offene, verteilte cad-system-umgebung zur unterstützung von concurrent engineering: konzept für einen konsistenz-manager.|zur früherkennung sicherheitsrelevanter betriebszustände in chemieanlagen mit neuronalen netzen.|a light-weight approach facilitating an evolutionary transition towards software product lines.|untersuchungen zur migration und emulation von architekturmodellen eingebetteter hardware-software-systeme.|ein beitrag zum modellgestützten entwurf anwendungsspezifischer, verteilter hardware-, softwaresysteme.|eine systematik zur klassifizierung it-gestützter ausbildungsumgebungen und ein objektorientiertes kursmodell für flexibles lernen.
fraunhofer-verlag,incorporating software product line knowledge into requirements processes.|referenzmodell zur gestaltung der serviceorganisation in unternehmen der raumfahrtbranche zum betrieb bemannter raumfahrtsysteme.|a generic framework for heterogeneous resource federation.|eine methode zur entwicklung dynamischer geschäftsprozesse auf basis von ereignisverarbeitung.|entwurfsmusterbasierter ansatz für adaptive benutzungsschnittstellen zur überwindung von nutzungsbarrieren.|assistu - a framework for user interaction forensics.|a systematic integration of inspection and testing processes for focusing testing activities.|optimizing the completeness of textual requirements documents in practice.|architecture-centric software producibility analysis.|verwendung von traceability-modellen zur unterstützung der entwicklung technischer systeme.|an approach for quantitative aggregation of evidence from controlled experiments in software engineering.|ein verfahren zur verbesserung der fehlerkorrektur der kommunikationsschichten des mobilen fernsehstandards dvb-h.|identifikation und analyse von sicherheitsbezogenen komponenten in semi-formalen modellen.|verfahren zum semantisch unterstützten anlagenanlauf von montagesystemen.|enhancing architecture design methods for improved flexibility in long-living information systems.|gebäudebetriebsoptimierung: verbesserung von optimierungsmethoden und optimierung unter unsicheren randbedingungen.|eine webbasierte integrations- und testplattform zur unterstützung des verteilten entwicklungsprozesses von komplexen serviceroboter-applikationen.|evolution control for software product lines: an automation layer over configuration management.|a model-based approach for exploring the space of adaptation behaviors of safety-related embedded systems.|semantische wiki-systeme in der wandlungsfähigen produktion.|ein vorgehensmodell zum entwurf tragfähiger it-sicherheitsinfrastrukturen im organisationsübergreifenden datenaustausch.|efficiently deploying safety-critical applications onto open integrated architectures.|failure-dependent timing analysis - a new methodology for probabilistic worst-case execution time analysis.|conditional safety certification for open adaptive systems.
frequency domain hybrid finite element methods for electromagnetics,frequency domain hybrid finite element methods for electromagnetics
from motor learning to interaction learning in robots,distributed adaptive control: a proposal on the neuronal organization of adaptive goal oriented behavior.|learning to exploit proximal force sensing: a comparison approach.|human-robot cooperation based on interaction learning.|learning continuous grasp affordances by sensorimotor exploration.
from sociology to computing in social networks,employing social network construction and analysis in web structure optimization.
frontiers of intelligent autonomous systems,a case study of safety in the design of surgical robots: the araknes platform.
full-text (substring) indexes in external memory,full-text (substring) indexes in external memory
fundamentals of biomedical transport processes,fundamentals of biomedical transport processes
fundamentals of electromagnetics 1,fundamentals of electromagnetics 1: internal behavior of lumped elements
fundamentals of electromagnetics 2,fundamentals of electromagnetics 2: quasistatics and waves
fundamentals of electronics: book 1,fundamentals of electronics: book 1 electronic devices and circuit applications
fundamentals of electronics: book 2,fundamentals of electronics: book 2
fundamentals of electronics: book 3,fundamentals of electronics: book 3 active filters and amplifier frequency response
fundamentals of electronics: book 4,fundamentals of electronics: book 4 oscillators and advanced electronics topics
fundamentals of engineering economics and decision analysis,fundamentals of engineering economics and decision analysis
fundamentals of object databases: object-oriented and object-relational design,fundamentals of object databases: object-oriented and object-relational design
fundamentals of physical design and query compilation,fundamentals of physical design and query compilation
fundamentals of respiratory sounds and analysis,fundamentals of respiratory sounds and analysis
fundamentals of spread spectrum modulation,fundamentals of spread spectrum modulation
funology,building narrative experiences for children through real time media manipulation: pogo world.|let's make things engaging.
funology, 2nd ed.,playful research fiction: a fictional conference.
fusion in computer vision,evaluating multimedia features and fusion for example-based event detection.
fuzzy cognitive maps for applied sciences and engineering,understanding public participation and perceptions of stakeholders for a better management in danube delta biosphere reserve (romania).|fcm relationship modeling for engineering systems.|use and evaluation of fcm as a tool for long term socio ecological research.
fuzzy engineering economics with applications,using fuzzy multi-attribute data mining in stock market analysis for supporting investment decisions.
fuzzy logic augmentation of nature-inspired optimization metaheuristics,clustering bin packing instances for generating a minimal set of heuristics by using grammatical evolution.
fuzzy logic augmentation of neural and optimization algorithms,partially-connected artificial neural networks developed by grammatical evolution for pattern recognition problems.
fuzzy logic in its 50th year,a review of hesitant fuzzy sets: quantitative and qualitative extensions.|solving a multiobjective truck and trailer routing problem with fuzzy constraints.
fuzzy optimization,fuzzy linear programming in practice: an application to the spanish football league.|a survey of fuzzy convex programming models.
fuzzy sets and their extensions: representation, aggregation and models,preferences and consistency issues in group decision making.|colour image comparison using vector operators.|image threshold computation by modelizing knowledge/unknowledge by means of atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy sets.|hybridization of fuzzy and rough sets: present and future.
fuzzy systems in bioinformatics and computational biology,monitoring and control of anesthesia using multivariable self-organizing fuzzy logic structure.
fuzzy technology,spatial analysis using gis for obtaining optimal locations for solar farms - a case study: the northwest of the region of murcia.|a multidistance approach to consensus modeling.
fwi-verlag,verteilung von datenverarbeitungs-ressourcen in rechnergestützten informationssystemen.|konzepte und hilfsmittel der datenadministration und deren konsequenzen für die betriebliche datenverarbeitung.
fzka,untersuchung einer methode zur nichtinvasiven messung von steifigkeitskoeffizienten an lebendem gewebe mit multimodalen bildgebenden verfahren.
föhlbach,automatische verkehrszeichenerkennung: ein stabiles echtzeitfähiges verkehrszeichenerkennungssystem basierend auf der auswertung von digitalen farbbildern.
fölbach,framework for e-government systems design and implementation for developing countries.|framework for designing m-government services in developing countries.|disjunctive logic programming with constraints and its applications.|modellgesteuerte leistungsmessung und -analyse paralleler programme.|eine constraint-basierte modellierung für geometrische objekte.|nonmonotonic reasoning based on minimal models and its implementation.|recovering dynamic information from static, handwritten word images: bridging the gap between on-line and off-line handwriting recognition.|stabile, echtzeitfähige farbbildauswertung.|diskrete raumunterteilung zur globalen beleuchtungsberechnung in der digitalen bildsynthese.|grabe: eine objekt-orientierte sprache zur spezifikation von symbolen in interaktiven grafischen editoren.|dualität bei petri-netzen: anwendungen für netze mit stellen- und transitionsmarken.|statistische modellierung von farbtexturen.|a logic of actions and its application to the development of programmable controllers.|automatische bildauswertung zur dynamischen schielwinkelmessung bei kleinkindern und säuglingen.|analyse von petri-netz-modellen mit entscheidungsdiagrammen.|synthese von petri-netzen und objektorientierten konzepten.|entwicklung und formalisierung eines objektorientierten sprachmodells als grundlage für memo-oml.
gabler,datenbankgestütztes kosten- und erlöscontrolling: konzept und realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten erfolgsrechnung.|datenbankgestütztes kosten- und erlöscontrolling: konzept und realisierung einer entscheidungsorienerten erfolgsrechnung; 2. überarbeitete auflage.
galda und wilch,simulation als handlungsorientiertes medium in der beruflichen bildung: entwicklung eines lehr- und lernkonzeptes mit simulatoren zur handhabungstechnik.
game theory,game theory: a classical introduction, mathematical games, and the tournament
game theory for data science,game theory for data science: eliciting truthful information
game theory for wireless engineers,game theory for wireless engineers
game user experience evaluation,beyond the gamepad: hci and game controller design and evaluation.|a heuristic framework for evaluating user experience in games.
games, actions and social software,on the logic of lying.
games: unifying logic, language, and philosophy,from games to dialogues and back.|towards evaluation games for fuzzy logics.|fallacies as cognitive virtues.
gaussian scale-space theory,on the history of gaussian scale-space axiomatics.
gazing at games: an introduction to eye tracking control,gazing at games: an introduction to eye tracking control
gbi-verlag,stochastische modelle für die betriebliche planung.|der informationsmarkt: theoret. ansätze zur zweckprogrammierung, akzeptanz u. wirkung e. novität im innovationssystem d. organisation ; betrachtung u. analyse e. einzelfalles.|informationsmanagement im marktforschungsprozess unter besonderer berücksichtigung der infratest forschung ag.|computergestützte informationssysteme in der unternehmensplanung: krit. analyse d. "state of the art" im kontext e. strateg. managements.|value-added-services - eigenschaftsprofile für die marktpositionierung in der telekommunikation.|computer und arzt.
gca-verlag,berichts- und analysesysteme: konzeption und entwicklung eines prototypen für ein gleichungsbasiertes planungs- und kontrollsystem.|effiziente datenübertragung für interaktive videoanwendungen bei einsatz der dynamischen bandbreitenreservierung in atm-netzwerken.|algorithmen zur bestimmung überlagerter bewegungen und orientierungen in bilddaten.|engineering of safety-related and embedded real-time systems.|ein qualitätsbewertungsmodell für den betrieb von vernetzten systemen.|sensorgestützte robotersteuerung für den einsatz in der chirurgie.|modellbasierte deformation medizinischer bilder.|ein rapid-prototyping-verfahren zum entwurf von kommunikationsarchitekturen in eingebetteten systemen.|enhanced data fusion in communication constrained multi sensor applications.|aufgaben- und nutzerorientierte unterstützung kartographischer kommunikationsprozesse durch arbeitsgraphik: konzeptionen, modellbildung und experimentelle untersuchungen.|handlungsbeobachtung zur instruierung von robotersystemen.|geographische restriktionen bei menschlicher bewegungsmodellierung zur leistungsbewertung in mobilen netzen.|gsm passive coherent location signal processing: impact on system performance.|lernverfahren für die wahrnehmungsbasierte optimierung sensorischer neuroimplantate.|intrusion detection durch strukturbasierte erkennung von anomalien im netzwerkverkehr.|interaktive programmierung von manipulationssequenzen.|crosscorrelation of non-maximal linear shift register sequences over fields of odd characteristic.|probabilistic tracking with database systems.|modalitätsspezifische aufbereitung medizinischer bilddaten.|classification of metamorphic malware using value set analysis.|eine protokollübergreifende regelung der sendebandbreite basierend auf ende-zu-ende-zustandsinformationen.|efficient, compiler-agnostic and platform-independent labeling of functions in executable programs.|neue verfahren zur untersuchung simultaner ereignisse bei der diskreten, ereignisgesteuerten simulation.|zugriffsobjekte - ein programmiermodell für multicomputer.|togbad: ein verfahren zur erkennung von routingangriffen in taktischen multi-hop netzen.|airborne multiple emitter tracking by fusing heterogeneous bearing data.|probabilistic framework for person tracking and classification in security assistance systems.|vision based manipulator control of calibration free robots.|konzeption eines referenzmodells zur harmonisierung heterogener elektronischer märkte am beispiel der tourismusbranche.
general game playing,general game playing
general-purpose graphics processor architectures,general-purpose graphics processor architectures
generalized transmission line method to study the far-zone radiation of antennas under a multilayer structure,generalized transmission line method to study the far-zone radiation of antennas under a multilayer structure
generalized voronoi diagram,a methodology for automated cartographic data input, drawing and editing using kinetic delaunay/voronoi diagrams.|the beta-shape and beta-complex for analysis of molecular structures.
genetic systems programming,evolutionary computation: from genetic algorithms to genetic programming.|automatic synthesis of microcontroller assembly code through linear genetic programming.
geobuch-verlag,prognose räumlich und zeitlich differenzierter gefährdungsstufen mit einem expertensystem unter integration eines geo-informationssystems am beispiel von waldschäden durch insektenfrass: mit 37 tabellen.
geodät. inst.,eine finite-elemente-methode und ihre anwendung zur erstellung von digitalen geländemodellen.
geodätisches inst. der univ.,entwicklung und einsatz eines informations- und lehrsystems im bereich der photogrammetrie und digitalen bildverarbeitung.|zur automatisierung der kartographischen generalisierung topographischer daten in geo-informationssystemen.
geographical design,geographical design: spatial cognition and geographical information science
geographical design (2nd edition),geographical design: spatial cognition and geographical information science, second edition
geographisches inst.,ein ansatz zur polygonbasierten klassifikation von luft- und satellitenbildern mittels künstlicher neuronaler netze.
geometric and discrete path planning for interactive virtual worlds,geometric and discrete path planning for interactive virtual worlds
geometric continuity of curves and surfaces,geometric continuity of curves and surfaces
geometric programming for design and cost optimization,geometric programming for design and cost optimization (with illustrative case study problems and solutions)
geometric programming for design and cost optimization, second edition,geometric programming for design and cost optimization (with illustrative case study problems and solutions), second edition
geometric programming for design equation development and cost/profit optimization, 3rd edition,geometric programming for design equation development and cost/profit optimization (with illustrative case study problems and solutions), third edition
geometry-driven diffusion in computer vision,nonlinear scale-space.
geospatial services and applications for the internet,geospatial web services : bridging the gap between ogc and web services.
gieseking,elektronisch gestützte beweisführung im zivilprozeß: eine untersuchung über legislative und privatautonome gestaltungsmöglichkeiten zur optimierung des beweiswertes digitaler daten unter besonderer berücksichtigung der edi (electronic data interchange)-technologie.
gito,architectural styles for early goal-driven middleware platform selection.|architekturmuster für software-produktlinien: konzeption einer methode zur evaluation und auswahl von architekturmustern für die gestaltung von software-produktlinien.|eigenschaften wandlungsfähiger systeme - erarbeitung eines indikatorsystems.
gkss-forschungszentrum,untersuchungen zur flutphase nach einem kühlmittelverlust bei hochkonvertierenden druckwasserreaktoren.
global usability,usability in malaysia.
global warming and the future of the earth,global warming and the future of the earth
globalization, engineering, and creativity,globalization, engineering, and creativity
gmd-forschungszentrum informationstechnik,computational methods for the structural alignment of molecules.|argumentation maps: gis based discussion support for online planning.
gpu-based techniques for global illumination effects,gpu-based techniques for global illumination effects
grammatical inference for computational linguistics,grammatical inference for computational linguistics
granular, soft and fuzzy approaches for intelligent systems,a geo-spatial data infrastructure for flexible discovery, retrieval and fusion of scenario maps in preparedness of emergency.
graph mining: laws, tools, and case studies,graph mining: laws, tools, and case studies
graph-based semi-supervised learning,graph-based semi-supervised learning
grauer,entwicklung eines parallelen algorithmus zur diskreten simulation von energiesystemen.|optical and morphological image processing = (optische und morphologische bildverarbeitung).
greek, indian and arabic logic,the megarians and the stoics.|aristotle's early logic.|preface.
greening video distribution networks,energy efficiency in wireless multimedia sensor networking: architecture, management and security.
greven,determinanten einer fachdidaktik bibliotheksinformatik.
grin publishing,probabilistic timed automata for security analysis and design.|the iconology of pinterest: exploring naming behavior in personal digital image collections.
grin verlag,learning non-verbal relations under open information extraction paradigm.|evolutionary computing in neuronal modeling.|spécification formelle des services web à interface flexible.|examining the adoption of technology using the technology trade theory (triplet).|el desarrollo de la habilidad profesional pedagógica utilizar software educativo por docentes de ciego de ávila.|cross layer optimization for protocols in mobile adhoc networks.|the role of emotional intelligence on productivity among the software professionals: a study with respect to the employees working at the trivandrum techno park campus kerala.|mobile service provision in harsh environments.|towards efficient resource allocation in desktop grid systems: inherent problems and traditional solutions.|reducing the computational requirements of the nearest neighbor classifier.|speech as interface in web applications for visually challenged.|a novel approach to enhance the performance of cloud computing file system using load balancing algorithm: a model to enhance the performance of cloud computing file system using round robin algorithm.|corporate probability default prediction with industry effects using data mining techniques.|conception de nouvelles approches de routage dans les réseaux de capteurs sans fil.|multi-criteria optimization of system integration testing.|experimental study towards realizing ant based resource discovery and mobility aware trust management for mobile grid systems.|study and analysis of knowledgebase of molecular systems and to develop model for prediction of molecular structure.|cloud computing. strategies for improving the performance and security.
growing adaptive machines,artificial neurogenesis: an introduction and selective review.
gsf-forschungszentrum für umwelt und gesundheit,gaze: a common attentive processing strategy for the detection and investigation of salient image regions.|wissensbasierte planung einer krankenhausverpflegung dargestellt am beispiel der diätverpflegung für diabetiker.
guide to ambient intelligence in the iot environment,ambient intelligence in systems to support wellbeing of drivers.
guide to disaster-resilient communication networks,quality-driven schemes enhancing resilience of wireless networks under weather disruptions.
guide to e-science,facilitating e-science discovery using scientific workflows on the grid.
guide to security in sdn and nfv,shield: securing against intruders and other threats through an nfv-enabled environment.
guide to vulnerability analysis for computer networks and systems,vulnerability assessment of cyber security for scada systems.
guide to wireless ad hoc networks,broadcast in ad hoc networks.|address allocation mechanisms for mobile ad hoc networks.|trust management in mobile ad hoc networks.|delay management in wireless ad hoc networks.|security threats in ad hoc routing protocols.|mobility management in manets: exploit the positive impacts of mobility.|security in wireless ad hoc networks.|formal verification of routing protocols for wireless ad hoc networks.|congestion control in wireless ad hoc networks.
guide to wireless mesh networks,routing, interface assignment and related cross-layer issues in multiradio wireless mesh networks.|routing metrics for wireless mesh networks.
guide to wireless sensor networks,coverage in wireless sensor networks.
görich und weiershäuser,computergestützte videozystomanometrie: diagnostische wertigkeit und therapeutische effektivität bei kindern und erwachsenen mit blasenspeicher- und blasenentleerungsstörungen.|verteilte verzeichnissysteme und replizierte datenbanken.|methode und werkzeug zur modellbasierten hypertext-entwicklung.|schnittstellenkonzepte in tumordokumentationssystemen.
günther emig, niederstetten, germany,zugriffskontrolle in dienstorientierten architekturen: absicherung von webservices und webservice-kompositionen.
gütersloher verlag-haus mohn,verkündigung in der mediengesellschaft: neue informations- und kommunikationstechniken in der kirchlichen praxis.
haag u. herchen,dezentrale fertigungsinformationssysteme: e. modellansatz für d. verteilte aufgabenabwicklung in kleineren betrieben mit hilfe systemanalyt. werkzeuge.|kalman-filter-schätzung in ökonometrischen mehrgleichungsmodellen bei unvollständiger systeminformation.
haag und herchen,vom tagesschriftsteller zum technischen redakteur?: versuch e. log.-histor. u. empir. analyse journalist. tätigkeit.|computergestützte industriegraphik bei auftragsbezogener fertigung.|datenbanksysteme und dateisysteme als alternativen der datenorganisation kommerzieller anwendungen: e. beitr. zur wirtschaftlichkeitsanalyse.|auswirkungen von computeranwendungen auf die leistungsstruktur von unternehmensorganisationen.|statistische modellanalyse und regressionsanalyse im hypothesenfindungsprozess: e. beitr. zur kritik u. erweiterung d. konventionellen ökonometr. forschungsstrategie am beispiel d. schweizer. importfunktion.|die strukturierung von flussdiagrammen und ihre auswirkungen auf die programmentwicklung.|sozialwirtschaftlicher entwicklungsindex auf der basis der hauptkomponentenanalyse: erfassung d. sozialwirtschaftl. entwicklungsstandes mit neuen vergleichsmethoden u. entwicklung neuer analyt. modelle.|organisationsplanung mit petri-netzen: ein integrativ-methodisches konzept zur simulation von organisationsstrukturen.|beschreibung und entwurf betrieblicher datenverarbeitungen: e. ansatz zur systematisierung d. entwicklung von anwendungssystemen aus betriebswirtschaftl. sicht.|zur verwendung des kalman-ansatzes für eine verbesserung der prognosegüte ökonometrischer modelle.|visuelle präsentation von herrschaft: zur bedeutung medialer vermittlung in d. polit. sozialisation u. kommunikation.|die konstruktion adaptiver regelmechanismen zur vorbereitung wirtschaftspolitischer entscheidungen.|ein interaktives verfahren der vektoroptimierung, angewandt auf ökonometrische entscheidungsmodelle: d. rosinger-algorithmus: zur theorie, seine programmtechn. realisation, aspekte seiner anwendung.|die nachfrage nach ausrüstungsinvestitionen in der schweiz 1963 - 1980: e. ökonometr. studie.|modell betrieblicher informationsverarbeitungen: d. abb. gestaltungsrelevanter betriebswirtschaftl. erkenntnisse als grundlage zur entwicklung von anwendungssystemen.
hain,lösungsansätze der mehrdimensionalen skalierung mit berücksichtigung unterschiedlicher datenniveaus.|numerical methods for solving systems of quasidifferentiable equations.|hačijan-shor methods and quadratic optimization.|eine dekompositionstheorie für mehrstellige funktionen mit anwendungen in systemtheorie und operations research.|überprüfung der permanenten einkommenshypothese mit hilfe der bayes-statistik.|gleichgewichtspfade für ökonomien mit variierenden daten.
hamburger buchwerkstatt,cnausy: curricularnetz u. auskunftssystem für d. bauwesen.
hampp,tele-heimarbeit und schutz der arbeitskraft: zur kritischen einschätzung einer flexiblen beschäftigungsform.|leistungsorientierter krankenhaus-betriebsvergleich: entwicklung eines informations- und kontrollsystems zur vergleichbarkeit der krankenhäuser hinsichtlich ihrer wirtschaftlichkeit.|computerfrauen: welchen anteil haben frauen an computergeschichte u. -arbeit?|personalinformationssysteme für die betriebliche personalplanung.|ein referenzmodell für online-transaktionssysteme im "electronic government".|multi-channel-retailing: entwicklung eines adaptiven und innovativen konzeptansatzes zur integration des internet als absatzkanal im deutschen lebensmitteleinzelhandel.|konvergenz der time-märkte: empiriegestützte entwicklung eines adaptiven und innovativen konzeptrahmens für ein kooperatives und integrierendes, geschäftskundenbezogenes marketingmanagement schweizer anbieter.|informationsverarbeitungs-controlling in dienstleistungsunternehmungen: zielorientierte steuerung der betrieblichen informationsverarbeitung.|zukünftige berufsfelder und ausbildungspotentiale in der betriebsinformatik.|langfristige personalstrukturprognose mit computersimulation: theoretische und methodische grundlagen sowie implementation eines simulationsmodells.|erfolgsdeterminanten von communities in virtuellen welten: eine empirische untersuchung am beispiel von second life.
handbook of biometric anti-spoofing,speaker recognition anti-spoofing.
handbook of biometric anti-spoofing, 2nd ed.,review of iris presentation attack detection competitions.
handbook of biometrics for forensic science,face sketch recognition via data-driven synthesis.|on using soft biometrics in forensic investigation.
handbook of iris recognition,iris segmentation for challenging periocular images.
handbook of memetic algorithms,memetic algorithms in bioinformatics.|local search.|multiobjective memetic algorithms.|memetic algorithms and complete techniques.
handbook of optimization,game theoretic and bio-inspired optimization approach for autonomous movement of manet nodes.|evolutionary dynamics as the structure of complex networks.
handbook of satisfiability,satisfiability modulo theories.|handbook of satisfiability|connections to statistical physics.
handbook on business process management (1),semantic business process modelling and analysis.|the un/cefact modeling methodology umm 2.0: choreographing business document exchanges.
handbook on business process management (2),bpm center of excellence: the case of a brazilian company.|how organizational culture facilitates a global bpm project: the case of hilti.|creativity-aware business process management: what we can learn from film and visual effects production.|business process outsourcing: learning from cases of a global offshore outsourcing provider.
handbook on neural information processing,learning structural representations of text documents in large document collections.
handbook on ontologies,comm: a core ontology for multimediaannotation.|ontology learning.|semantic web services.
hanser,graubildverarbeitendes objekterkennungssystem für die industrielle fertigung.|entwicklung einer cad,cam-prozesskette für die herstellung von blechbiegeteilen: bericht aus dem lehrstuhl für fertigungstechnologie univ.-professor dr.-ing. manfred geiger, lft.|sensordatenauswertung mit fuzzy-logik für das automatisierte entgraten.|adaptive diagnose in der elektronikproduktion.|konzept zur rechnerintegrierten materialversorgung in flexiblen fertigungssystemen.|flexible werkstattsteuerung mit objektorientierten softwarestrukturen.|modifikationsfreundliches wissensbasiertes diagnosesystem für die montage.|werkstattprogrammierung mit cnc-steuerungen am beispiel der drehbearbeitung.|integrierte planung von cad-investitionen.|automatisierte bereitstellung modularer fertigungsmittel.|modellbasiertes lernen zur wissensakquisition für technische diagnosesysteme.|methoden zur planung und einführung rechnerintegrierter produktionsprozesse.|modellierung werkzeugorientierter informationsprozesse.|rechnerunterstützung für das projektieren mit hilfe eines wissensbasierten systems.|virtuelle räume zur unterstützung der featurebasierten produktgestaltung.|rechnerunterstützung bei test und schulung an steuerungssoftware von smd-bestücklinien.|verteiltes assistenzsystem zur fehlersuche an fertigungsanlagen.|beitrag zur parametrierung und integration von steuerungssimulationsmodellen.|untersuchungen zur genauigkeit geometrischer methoden in cad-systemen.|verteilte steuerungssysteme im lokalen netzwerk.|offenes integriertes betriebsmittel-steuerungssystem.|rechnerunterstützte konstruktion von funktionssystemen zur flexiblen handhabung rotationssymmetrischer werkstücke.|flexible fertigungssysteme: belegung, steuerung, datenorganisation.|automatisierte fertigungsplanung für die numerisch gesteuerte mehrmaschinenbearbeitung.|dynamische simulation des bearbeitungsvorgangs bei numerisch gesteuerten drehmaschinen.|verarbeitung von unsicherem wissen in cad-prozessen.|integriertes rechnergeführtes steuerungssystem zur kabelherstellung.|handskizzeneingabe von freiformgeometrien für cad-modelle.|geometriebasierte technologische ersatzmodelle für planungsaufgaben.|methodik zur entwicklung rechnerunterstützter konfigurationssysteme.|kontinuierliche informationsbereitstellung in integrierten cad-prozessen.|rechnerinterne objektdarstellungen als basis integrierter cad-systeme.|cad-cam-strategie für die hochgeschwindigkeits-bearbeitung.|rechnerunterstütztes planungssystem zur auslegung von fertigungsanlagen.|programmiergerechte betriebsmittelgestaltung von roboterintegrierten montagezellen.|nutzungsgradsteigerung von montagesystemen durch den einsatz der simulationstechnik.|modellierung und einsatz von softwaresystemen für rechnergeführte montagezellen.|persistente objekte und objektorientierte datenbanken: konzepte, architektur, implementierung und anwendung.|datenbankgestützte teileverwaltung und wiederholteilsuche.|aufbau technischer informationssysteme in konstruktion und entwicklung am beispiel eines elektronischen zeichnungsarchivs.|aufbau eines werkstückinformationssystems für die simulationsunterstützte planung von bearbeitungsaufgaben.|methode für die simulationsunterstützte optimierung am beispiel von montagesystemen.|sensorgeführte industrieroboter zur bahnverfolgung.|modellbildung zur steuerung von extrusionsprozessen.|modellbasierte wissensakquisition zur rechnerunterstützten wissensbereitstellung für den anwendungsbereich entwicklung und konstruktion.|zeitbehandlung und multimedia-unterstützung in feldkommunikationssystemen.|aufbau eines cad-multimikrorechnernetzes.|ein offenes objektorientiertes graphiksystem für cad-anwendungen.|semantikorientierte features zur kontinuierlichen unterstützung der produktgestaltung.|planungs- und steuerungswerkzeuge zur impliziten geräteprogrammierung in roboterzellen.|bewegungssynthese zur steuerung redundanter und kooperierender kinematiken.|bemassen und tolerieren in cad-systemen mit volumenmodellierern.|variantenkonstruktion mit einem interaktiven cad-systemkonzept.|cad, cap, rechnergestützte montagefeinplanung.|kopplung externer und interner programmiersysteme für industrieroboter.|ein funktionales modellspeichersystem für parallel zu verarbeitende cad-objekte.|methoden zur effizienzsteigerung betrieblicher cad-prozesse.|das produktmodell im rechnerintegrierten konstruktionsarbeitsplatz.|ein dynamisches modell zur strategischen einführungsplanung von cad-technik.|anwendungsorientierte variation von geometriemodellen für cad-systeme.|überwacht lernendes bildauswertungssystem zur erkennung von oberflächenfehlern.|optimierung der werkzeugbereitstellung durch rechnergestützte arbeitsfolgenbestimmung.|innovationspotentiale in der rechnerintegrierten produktion durch wissensbasierte systeme.|integrierte wissensverarbeitung mit cad am beispiel der konstruktionsbegleitenden kalkulation.|gestaltung von funktionsbausteinen für geometrieorientierte arbeitsplanungssysteme.|sensorunterstützte programmierung und bewegungsanpassung für das robotergeführte gussputzen.|methoden zur anwendungsorientierten gestaltung von geometrieverarbeitungssystemen.|steuerung von flexiblen fertigungszellen für die drehbearbeitung mit dezentralen mehrrechnersystemen.|methodik zur entwicklung firmenbezogener cad-softwarekonzepte.|ein kosteninformationssystem für neukonstruktion mit der möglichkeit zum anschluss an ein cad-system.
hard problems in software testing,hard problems in software testing: solutions using testing as a service (taas)
hardware malware,hardware malware
hart,reconstituting internet normativity: the role of state, private actors, global online community in the production of legal norms.
hartung-gorre,a probabilistic approach to building roof reconstruction.|on the statistical testing of block ciphers.|elan - werkzeuge zur leistungs- und verlustanalyse an parallelen programmen.|distance computation, information dissemination, and wireless capacity in networks.|multiresolution techniques for non-manifolds.|deformable area based template matching with application to low contrast imagery.|der wit-interpreter: ein textanalysesystem, das seine eigene wissensbasis durch die analyse von texten erweitert.|discrete voronoi skeletons.|model based step size control for adaptive filters.|extending the condensation algorithm for tracking multiple objects in range image sequences.|on the nature of authentication protocols.|cryptographically relevant contributions to combinational complexity theory.|a parallelizing compiler for distributed memory parallel processors.|scalable parallel sparse lu factorization methods on shared memory multiprocessors.|coping with selfishness in distributed systems: mechanism design in multi-core and peer-to-peer systems.|a new communication architecture for workstation clusters.|algebraic complexity in finite fields.|structured sparce signal recovery in general hilbert spaces.|benutzerzentrierte betriebssoftware eines echtzeit-bildverarbeitungs-rechners für die interaktive applikationsentwicklung.|joint matched filtering, decoding, and timing synchronization.|spatiotemporal vcsel model for advanced simulations of optical links.|concept and design of a reconfigurable parallel processing system for digital audio.|crowds and swarms: essays on crowdsourcing and open innovation as instances of collective intelligence and distributed problem solving in science and business.|concept and implementation of an efficient communication network for distributed parallel computing.|tcad based development of a polysilicon emitter transistor in a bicmos technology.|sample rate conversion: algorithms and vlsi implementation.|some data are more important than others.|a method and a tool for the real-time evaluation of fast packet switching systems.|object-oriented techniques for mixed-mode circuit simulation.|erklärungen im kontext der mensch-computer-interaktion: ein konzept zur integration der methoden von hypertext und künstlicher intelligenz.|computing information rates of finite state models with application to magnetic recording.|design of adaptive models for system identification, signal prediction, and pattern classification.|real time inverse stereo system for surveillance of dynamic safety envelopes.|ein neues photonisches datenkommunikationsnetz hoher kapazität mit paketvermittlung für den weit- und grossstadtverkehr.|solid modeling applied to three-dimensional semiconductor process simulation.|bernstein-bézier representations for facial surgery simulation.|simulation of neural networks on parallel computers.|on successive cancellation decoding of polar codes and related codes.|error-free source and channel coding with lists.|eine homogene programmierumgebung für einen heterogenen multiprozessor zur echtzeit-bildverarbeitung.|an object oriented approach to multidimensional semiconductor device simulation.|sensing with smartphones: light authentication, heavy personalization, and medical applications.|an investigation into the cost-effectiveness of multi-chip modules for massively parallel computing applications.|the recognition of acoustical signals using neural networks and an open simulator.|a local and probabilistic model for low-cycle fatigue: new aspects of structural analysis.|grid generation for three-dimensional semiconductor device simulation.|from triangular meshes to grasps: a 3d robot vision system handling unmodeled objects.|concept and implementation of a scalable architecture for data parallel computing.|vlsi architectures for computations in finite rings and fields.|an interactive knowledge based shell for configuration tasks.|scalable space-time adaptive simulation tools for computational electrocardiology.|magnetic resonance imaging based correction and reconstruction of positron emission tomography images.|on coding by probability transformation.|adaptive detektoren für die datenübertragung über rekursive kanäle.|hardware architectures for real-time video processing and view synthesis.|remembering in the metaverse: preservation, evaluation, and perception.|optimierender compiler und konfigurator für einen synchronen datenflussrechner zur echtzeitbildverarbeitung.|cryptanalysis of iterated block ciphers.|on rényi information measures and their applications.|concept and model of a multiprocessor system for high resolution image correlation.|analysis, design, and optimization of cellular neural networks.|group signature schemes and payment systems based on the discrete logarithm problem.|concept and implementation of an efficient communication network for commodity supercomputing.|on the design and security of block ciphers.|communication theory and coding for channels with intersymbol interference.|parallel graph algorithms for finding weighted matchings and subgraphs in computational science.|handwriting recognition using neural networks and hidden markov models.|architectural support for scientific applications on multicomputers.|scheduling for heterogeneous opportunistic workstation clusters.|a pragmatic approach to code division multiple access communications.|störungen in computerbussystemen.|eine linguistische theorie der robustheit.|contributions to the noise analysis of switched capacitor circuits.|generalized communication and security models in byzantine agreement.|medium access control algorithms for wireless personal area networks based on channel state estimation.|coding for cdma channels and capacity.|wireless embedded systems: time, location, and applications.|high precision 1024-point fft processor for 2d object detection.|from planar patches to grasps: a 3-d robot vision system handling unmodeled objects.|stochastic modeling of image content in remote sensing image archives.|automatic extraction of vortex core lines and other line type features for scientific visualization.|hardwareoptimiertes prozessverwaltungssystem für eng gekoppelte multiprozessoren.|haptically assisted interactive 3d segmentation of the intestinal system.|on the validity of certain hypotheses used in linear cryptanalysis.|computergestützte erzeugung und optimierung von arrayartigen layouts für allgemeine sc-netzwerke und -filter.|controller synthesis for application specific integrated circuits.|directed information for channels with feedback.|wear diagnosis of mechanical seals with neural networks.|the recognition of acoustical alarm signals with cellular neural networks.|sparse signal processing: subspace clustering and system identification.|zram: a library of parallel search algorithms and its use in enumeration and combinatorial optimization.|methoden zur interaktiven darstellung von volumendaten.|synthese und praktische realisation von systemen und algorithmen für digitale signalverarbeitung.|zero-copy strategies for distributed corba objects in clusters of pcs.|elastic deformable contour and surface models for 2-d and 3-d image segmentation.|a framework for open surgery simulation.|contributions to a 3-d robot vision system: silhouette analysis and evidential reasoning.|parameterschätzung in zeitkontinuierlichen dynamischen systemen.|multi party computation: efficient protocols, general adversaries, and voting.|intelligent communication: a new paradigm for data-parallel programming.|multiresolution representation and compression of surfaces and volumes.|semi-automatic segmentation of medical imagery.|real time 3-d-scene aquisition by monocular motion induced stereo.|current mode analog integrated circuits and linearization techniques in cmos technology.|secure testing of vlsi cryptographic equipment.|design and implementation of a three-dimensional, general purpose semiconductor device simulatior.|symbolic analysis for analog circuit design automation.|contributions to architectural design in digital signal processing.|an object oriented design for efficient microsystem simulation.|receiver arrays for chip and board optical interconnects.|automatic coccolith classification and extraction of morphological features in sem images.|tcad based development of a flash eprom technology.|morphometric characterization of biological structures.|algebraic coding for iterative decoding.|ausgewählte rechtliche probleme der dauernden überlassung von standardsoftware in england und deutschland im vergleich.|entropy measures and unconditional security in cryptography.|implementation of a programmable, modularly extendable cellular neural network signal processor.|solution of large unsymmetric systems of linear equations.|ivory - an object oriented framework for physics based information visualization.|evaluation von point-of-information (poi)-systemen: die akzeptanz von informationskiosken in abhängigkeit von informationsrelevanz und informationsaufbereitung.|neural networks in photofinishing.|analog cmos implementation of a multi-layer perceptron with nonlinear synapses.|grid generation for three-dimensional non-rectangular semiconductor devices.|computing platforms for parallel molecular dynamics.|monte-carlo-simulationen stochastischer transportprozesse unterschiedlicher dimensionalität in biologischen systemen.|the role of scale for image description and image query: an application to remote sensing images.|integration eines offenen hypertext-systems in den internet-mehrwertdienst world wide web: ein ansatz unter verwendung eines objektorientierten datenbanksystems.|detektion und estimation von akustischen signalen mit hidden-markov-modellen.|a hybrid approach to 2d and 3d mesh generation for semiconductor device simulation.|robustness and applications of cellular neural networks.|ferroelektrische polymere als mögliche datenspeicher: elektronenstrahlpolung u. abb. gepolter bereiche in pvdf u. vdf/trfe-kopolymeren mit d. rasterelektronenmikroskop.
hartung-gorre verlag,design and implementation of efficient vlsi solutions for 3g and 4g mobile communications.|localized state space and polynomial filters with applications in electrocardiography|shared virtual memory for heterogeneous embedded systems on chips.|performance of super-resolution methods in parameter estimation and system identification.|unsupervised learning: model-based clustering and learned compression.|energy-efficient vlsi architectures for real-time and 3d video processing.|design of energy-efficient processing elements for near-threshold parallel computing.|a new approach to information processing with filters and pulses.|a state space world for detecting and estimating events and learning sparse signal decompositions.|anonymous distributed computing: computability, randomization and checkability.|harmonic analysis of deep convolutional neural networks.|identification and zero-error codes.|fractal dimension in information theory.
haufe,intelligente informationssysteme für das bankgeschäft: eine theoretische und empirische analyse ihrer strategischen bedeutung.|bürokommunikation: simulationsmodelle für den entwurf und die bewertung der elektronischen vorgangsabwicklung.|wissensbasierte methodenbanken: weplan - ein expertensystem zur schätzung ökonometrischer einzelgleichungsmodelle.|systemtheorie und ökonomische modelle: einf. in systemtheoret. grundlagen, konzeptionen u. methoden d. wirtschaftstheorie u. ökonometrie.|internationale standortentscheidung: einflussfaktoren, informatorische fundierung und unterstützung durch computergestützte informationssysteme.
haupt,auswirkungen integrierter informations- und kommunikationstechniken auf die büroarbeit: eine empirische untersuchung am beispiel lokaler büronetzwerke.|computer-integriertes private banking: (cipb) ; theoretische und empirische untersuchung zum wettbewerbsbeitrag neuer informationstechnologien im schweizerischen private banking.|wettbewerbsorientierte informationssysteme in der schweizer pharma-branche.|ablaufsteuerung von montagefertigungen: heurist. reihenfolgeplanung vergierender auftragsstrukturen mittels prioritätsregeln ; computergestützte simulationsstudien d. werkstattfertigung.|wissensbasiertes desktop-publishing.|konzeption, planung und einführung der benutzergesteuerten datenverarbeitung im bürobereich.|einsatz von expertensystemen zur betrieblichen entscheidungsunterstützung.|electronic banking: die elektronische schnittstelle zwischen banken und kunden.|informatik-controlling im bankbetrieb: ein instrumentaler ansatz zur unterstützung der führung im informatikbereich.|intelligente entscheidungsunterstützungssysteme für die bilanzbewirtschaftung einer grossbank.|system dynamics und makroökonometrie: dynam. makroökonom. modellierung in multimethodolog. sicht.|kostenorientierte reihenfolgeplanung in der werkstattfertigung: e. simulationsstudie.|wettbewerbsorientierte informationssysteme im schweizerischen privatversicherungsmarkt.|expertensysteme zur analyse strategischer marketingprobleme: eine explorative studie der einsatz- und entwicklungsmöglichkeiten.|einsatz und entwicklung von expertensystemen im bankbetrieb.|die eingliederung der informationstechnologie in die strategische führung.|prozesse und edv-kostenverrechnung: die prozessbasierte verrechnungskonzeption für bankrechenzentren.|risikohandhabung: ein entscheidbezogenes verfahren.
hbs fachbuch,methoden zur erhöhung des visuellen realismus für die simulation minimal-invasiver chirurgischer eingriffe.
hci and design in the context of dementia,working with experts with experience: charting co-production and co-design in the development of hci-based design.|assistive media for well-being.
hci theory,hci theory: classical, modern, and contemporary
health care engineering part i: clinical engineering and technology management,health care engineering part i: clinical engineering and technology management
health care engineering part ii: research and development in the health care environment,health care engineering part ii: research and development in the health care environment
health information governance in a digital environment,issues of data governance associated with data mining in medical research: experiences from an empirical study.
heidrich,ein objektorientierter ansatz für das netzmanagement.
heise,künstliche intelligenz und musteranalyse: studien zu e. neuen verfahren.
heizmann,ein subsystem zur aufrechterhaltung der semantischen integrität in datenbanken.|psychophysiologische untersuchungen bei der bildschirmarbeit.
helbing et lichtenhahn,la fraude informatique au sens de l'article 147 cps.
helbing u. lichtenhahn,papierlose wertpapiere.
helbing und lichtenhahn,der missbrauch von codekarten aus strafrechtlicher sicht.
heldermann,polyhedral combinatorics and the acyclic subdigraph problem.|the linear ordering problem: algorithms and applications.
hempen,kognitive dynamik: dynamische kognitive systeme am beispiel der textdeixis.
herbert utz verlag,adaptierbares aufgabenorientiertes programmiersystem für montagesysteme.|online-simulation von fluidischen prozessen in der frühen phase der maschinen- und anlagenentwicklung.|ein beitrag zur planung und entwicklung von rekonfigurierbaren mechatronischen systemen: am beispiel von starren fertigungssystemen.|system zur wissensbasierten maschinenbelegungsplanung auf basis produktspezifischer auftragsdaten.|verfahren zur klassifikation von ungänzen bei der optischen prüfung von batterieseparatoren.
herbert utz verlag, wissenschaft,bildbasierte charakterisierung und regelung von laserschweißprozessen.
herbert von halem verlag,automatisierte verfahren für die themenanalyse nachrichtenorientierter textquellen.
hermann-éditions,mesurer et évaluer la qualité des données et des connaissances
heterogeneous objects modelling and applications,an implicit complexes framework for heterogeneous objects modelling.|automation of the volumetric models construction.|modelling function-based mixed-dimensional objects with attributes.
heterogeneous spatial data,heterogeneous spatial data: fusion, modeling, and analysis for gis applications
heymann,der zugriff auf computerdaten im strafverfahren.|integrierte datenverarbeitung im besteuerungsverfahren: verwaltungsautomation u. bürgerinteresse.|rechner, richter, realitäten - computer in der justiz.|ergänzender leistungsschutz nach § 1 uwg: "ersatz-ausschliesslichkeitsrechte" bei computerprogrammen und ästhetischen schöpfungen.|computergestützte rechtsfindungssysteme: voraussetzungen, grenzen und perspektiven.|computerprogramme im deutschen urheberrechtssystem.|auskunft aus dateien der sicherheits- und strafverfolgungsorgane.|pressedatenbanken und urheberrecht: zur urheberrechtlichen bewertung der nutzung von zeitungsartikeln in pressedatenbanken.|rechtliche verantwortlichkeit im internet: unter besonderer berücksichtigung des teledienstegesetzes und des mediendienste-staatsvertrags.|die haftung der domainvergabestelle.
hf-based high-k dielectrics,hf-based high-k dielectrics: process development, performance characterization, and reliability
hieronymus,management und neue telekommunikationsformen: überlegungen zu e. bezugsrahmen u. ergebnisse e. befragung.|dynamischer lastausgleich verteilter diskreter simulation.|untersuchungen zur evolution cortikaler strukturen in biologisch relevanten computermodellen.|logiksynthese für wertetabellenbasierte anwenderprogrammierbare bausteine.|selbstorganisierende neuronale netze auf grundlage von informationsmaßen: informationstheoretische anforderungen an architektur und funktionalität neuronaler modelle im vergleich mit dem biologischen vorbild und als eine richtlinie für technische systeme.|codesign of hardware, software systems based on java.|generalisierung des genetischen algorithmus.|eine flexible architektur für blockbasierte algorithmen in der videocodierung.|verfahren zum schaltungspartitionieren für die parallele simulation auf transistorebene.|predicate diagrams as basis for the verification of reactive systems.
high dynamic range video,high dynamic range video
high efficiency video coding,compression performance analysis in hevc.
high fidelity haptic rendering,high fidelity haptic rendering
high performance datacenter networks: architectures, algorithms, and opportunities,high performance datacenter networks: architectures, algorithms, and opportunities
high-level structures for quantum computing,high-level structures for quantum computing
high-performance modelling and simulation for big data applications,medical data processing and analysis for remote health and activities monitoring.
high-performance simulation-based optimization,open issues in surrogate-assisted optimization.
high-speed digital system design,high-speed digital system design
higher order fdtd schemes for waveguide and antenna structures,higher order fdtd schemes for waveguide and antenna structures
hitting the wall: a vision of a secure energy future,hitting the wall: a vision of a secure energy future
hitzeroth,edv und jahresabschlussprüfung: möglichkeiten und grenzen des einsatzes der edv im rahmen der jahresabschlussprüfung ; funktionale und institutionelle aspekte.|computergestützte unternehmensberatung: möglichkeiten und grenzen der computerunterstützung unter besonderer berücksichtigung der strategieberatung.
hlrs,integrated management framework for dynamic virtual organisations.
hni,ein system von software-entwurfsmustern für die propagation von ereignissen in werkzeugen zur kooperativen fabrikmodellierung.|ein objektorientiertes rahmenwerk zur erstellung individueller, verteilter fertigungslenkungssysteme.|ein digitales hardwaresystem zur echtzeitfähigen simulation biologienaher neuronaler netze.|referenzmodelle für produktionsprozesse zur untersuchung und gestaltung von pps-aufgaben.|new results on geometric spanners and their applications.|szenariogestützte führung industrieller produktionsunternehmen.|a method for the intelligent authoring of 3d animations for training and maintenance.|communication efficient parallel searching.|architektur eines workflowbasierten planungsinstruments für die technische auftragsbearbeitung unter besonderer berücksichtigung des einsatzes der telearbeit.
hni-verlagsschriftenreihe,reengineering of component-based software systems in the presence of design deficiencies.|immunorepairing of hardware systems.
hochsch.-verlag,rechnergestützte konfigurierung von büroinformations- und kommunikationssystemen.
hogrefe, verlag für psychologie,sozialpsychologie des internet: die bedeutung des internet für kommunikationsprozesse, identitäten, soziale beziehungen und gruppen.|teamarbeit in mensch-maschine-systemen.
holos,maschinenlesbare lexika für die maschinelle sprachverarbeitung: repräsentation und wiederverwendung.
holos-verlag,die elektronische medienwelt als gegenstand einer philosophischen ethik.|unix gestützte maschinelle morphologische untersuchung zur komposition am beispiel des duden (deutsches universal wörterbuch).|melodiegestalten im luxemburgischen volkslied: zur anwendung computergestützter verfahren bei der klassifikation von volksliedabschnitten.|komplexes problemlösen: reliabilität und wissen.|serielle versus parallele verarbeitung visueller information: eine experimentelle untersuchung am beispiel eines konzentrationstests.|automatische morphologische und syntaktische analyse im chinesischen und deutschen: eine vergleichende untersuchung der linguistischen grundlagen.
hoppenstedt und wolff,hürdenlauf electronic cash: die entstehung eines elektronischen kartengestützten zahlungssystems als sozialer prozess.
how we cope with digital technology,how we cope with digital technology
huber,wissensaustausch im dialog: wie menschen u. computer voneinander lernen können.|studies of the visual orientation behavior of flies using the artificial life approach = untersuchungen des visuellen orientierungsverhaltens von fliegen unter verwendung des artificial-life-ansatzes.
human and machine learning,water pipe failure prediction: a machine learning approach enhanced by domain knowledge.|interactive machine learning for applications in food science.
human centered software product lines,variability management and assessment for user interface design.
human computation,human computation
human interaction with graphs,human interaction with graphs: a visual querying perspective
human machine interaction,a language and a methodology for prototyping user interfaces for control systems.
human systems integration to enhance maritime domain awareness for port/harbour security,a methodology for designing a human/machine information system to support harbour security: nato arw group two report.|regulations, infrastructure, stakeholder responsibilities, and technology requirements to meet challenges of cargo security.
human-centered software engineering,human-centered engineering of interactive systems with the user interface markup language.
human-centric decision-making models for social sciences,aggregating imprecise linguistic expressions.|approximations of one-dimensional expected utility integral of alternatives described with linearly-interpolated p-boxes.|supporting ill-structured negotiation problems.|personalised property investment risk analysis model in the real estate industry.|decision making on energy options: a case study.|human-centric cognitive decision support system for ill-structured problems.
human-centric information processing through granular modelling,concept granular computing based on lattice theoretic setting.
human-computer interaction: the agency perspective,facilitating ubiquitous interaction using intelligent agents.
human-computer interactions in museums,human-computer interactions in museums
humanitarian engineering,humanitarian engineering
huss,wettbewerbsvorteile durch electronic data interchange (edi): analyse betrieblicher effekte des einsatzes zur zwischenbetrieblichen kommunikation zwischen lieferant und abnehmer.|stand der entwicklung elektronischer spracherkennungssysteme und deren anwendungsmöglichkeiten in logistischen funktionen.
hybrid intelligent systems,modular neural networks with fuzzy sugeno integration applied to time series prediction.|modular neural networks and fuzzy sugeno integral for pattern recognition: the case of human face and fingerprint.
hybrid intelligent systems in control, pattern recognition and medicine,tracking of non-rigid motion in 3d medical imaging with ellipsoidal mapping and germinal center optimization.
hybrid metaheuristics,hybridizations of metaheuristics with branch & bound derivates.|scheduling english football fixtures: consideration of two conflicting objectives.
hypermedia genes: an evolutionary perspective on concepts, models, and architectures,hypermedia genes: an evolutionary perspective on concepts, models, and architectures
hänsel-hohenhausen,entwurf eines blackboard-rahmensystems für die arbeitsplanung.|computergestütztes lernen in der ökonomischen bildung.|ein paralleles 3d-randelementprogramm der elastostatik für heterogene rechnerarchitekturen.|erklärungsfunktionalität wissensbasierter systeme: theoretische und empirische untersuchungen zur entwicklung von expertensystemen und der transformation von arbeit durch den einsatz lernförderlicher technologien.|theorie neuronaler assoziativspeicher: lokales lernen und iteratives retrieval von information.|beitrag zur verbesserung der stabilität der wetterführung im chinesischen steinkohlenbergbau durch ein edv-modell und vergleichende beurteilung mit dem deutschen steinkohlenbergbau.|textverwaltung als aufgabe der mensch-computer-interaktion: einfluss subjektiver episodischer gedächtnisstrukturen auf das kodieren und wiederfinden von textdateien.|räumliche rekonstruktion embryonaler kiefergelenke des menschen.|invariante klassifizierung elektronenmikroskopischer aufnahmen von eiseingebetteten biologischen makromolekülen.
höpner und göttert,beratungssystem zum entwurf von prozessführungskonzepten für rektifikationskolonnen mit seitenabzug.
hülsbusch,linux für alle?: zur rolle von laien in communities der quelloffenen softwareproduktion.|multilinguales aspektbasiertes opinion mining: entwicklung eines ressourcenarmen extraktionsverfahrens und untersuchung von nutzerperspektiven.|eine informationssystem-infrastruktur für das therapeutische drug-monitoring: planung, umsetzung und integration der wechselwirkungsdatenbank psiaconline, des semantischen wikis opendrugwiki.org und des laborinformationssystems konbest.|web 2.0 in der universitären lehre: ein handlungsrahmen für die gestaltung technologiegestützter lernszenarien.|web-tv: entstehungsgeschichte, begriffe, ästhetik.|die bedeutung von einstellung und motivation für den einsatz von e-learning durch lehrende an pädagogischen hochschulen.
hülsbusch, boizenburg, germany,identity-management und e-portfolios.
hüthig,universalprozessoren und ihre realisierung.|bewertung von simulationsverfahren für die register-transfer-ebene.|ein kanalzugriffsprotokoll für datenfunknetze mit stationen beschränkter mobilität.|kriterien zur bewertung von lernsoftware: mit einer exemplarischen beurteilung von deutsch-lernprogrammen.|überlegungen zur organisation verteilter mehrrechnersysteme.|schranken für die redundanz des huffman-codes.|verfahren zur erzeugung, veränderung und darstellung von dreidimensionalen modellen natürlicher objekte.|co-prozessorstrukturen in mikrorechnern und ihre anwendung in der echtzeit-datenverarbeitung.|ein beitrag zur verwendung rationaler zahlen in public-key-kryptosystemen.|die omega-cresta-maschine: e. risc-architektur für d. echtzeit-datenverarbeitung.|formale methoden zur spezifizierung automatischer parallelisierung.|programmierung einer klasse von multiprozessorsystemen mit höheren petri-netzen.|leistungsbewertung von medienzugangsprotokollen für lokale hochgeschwindigkeitsnetze.|weiterverarbeitung von konstruktions- zu fertigungsdaten: ein beitrag zur integration von cad- und cap-systemen.
ibidem-verlag,modellierung von unvollständig beschriebenen systemen.|ein farb- und kontextbasierter ansatz zur objekterkennung.|dynamische systeme zum entwurf von navigationssystemen autonomer mobiler serviceroboter.|nichtlineare dynamiken zur szenenrepräsentation und verhaltensgenerierung in einer architektur zur fahrerassistenz.|eine lernfähige architektur zur organisation der verhalten eines autonomen roboters.|architektur eines wissensbasierten systems zur interpretation multisensorieller fernerkundungsdaten.|bewertung von adaptionsstrategien bei bildsegmentierungsverfahren.|texturbasierte dynamische erkennung veränderlicher objekte.|strukturoptimierung rückgekoppelter neuronaler netze.|wissensbasierte 3d-analyse von gebäudeszenen aus mehreren frei gewählten stereofotos.|ein wissensbasiertes system zur automatischen extraktion von semantischen informationen aus digitalen fernerkundungsdaten.|a unified architecture for speech controlled robot behavior based on nonlinear dynamics.
ichip multiprocessor architecture: techniques to improve throughput and latency,ichip multiprocessor architecture: techniques to improve throughput and latency
ict innovations for sustainability,an information system supporting cap and trade in organizations.
idea,ein systemtheoretisch begründetes software-konzept für eine fehlertolerierende multi-mikrorechner-automatisierungsstation.|computergestützte realisierung von lp-modellen.
identity-based cryptography,hardware implementation of pairings.|implementation attacks & countermeasures.
idw-verlag,rechnergestützte stichprobenverfahren im prüfungswesen: darstellung von annahme- und schätzstichprobe sowie gegenüberstellung der anwendungsmöglichkeiten statistischer tabellenwerke und des pc-programms rsw.|finanzbuchführung mit personal-computern: vorschläge für e. gesetzesadäquate gestaltung von programmen u. verfahren.|kreditwürdigkeitsprüfung mit neuronalen netzen.|internet und steuern: electronic commerce und telearbeit.|computergestützte jahresabschlussprüfung.|das prognoseproblem bei der unternehmungsbewertung: ansätze zu e. risikoorientierten bewertung ganzer unternehmungen auf d. grundlage modellgestützter erfolgsprognosen.|prüfung von edv-programmsystemen im rahmen der jahresabschlussprüfung.
iem,algorithmische konstruktion hyperelliptischer kurven mit kryptographischer relevanz und einem endomorphismenring echt grösser als z.
ier,planet: ein entscheidungsunterstützendes system für die energie- und umweltplanung.|entwicklung und anwendung eines mikrocomputergestützten energieplanungsinstrumentariums für den einsatz in entwicklungsländern.
ifv, kalsruhe, germany,signalgruppenorientiertes modell zur optimierung von festzeitprogrammen an einzelknotenpunkten.
ihigh dynamic range image reconstruction,ihigh dynamic range image reconstruction
iimage-based modeling of plants and trees,image-based modeling of plants and trees
iir,realisierung und leistungsbewertung eines transportdienstes am beispiel des rechnernetzes delta.
ike,thexsyst - ein wissensbasiertes system zur kontrolle und analyse von technischen simulationsrechnungen.
ill,konzeptuelle interpretation und interlinguabasierte übersetzung räumlicher präpositionen.
image and signal processing for networked e-health applications,image and signal processing for networked e-health applications
image databases and multi-media search,horus: integration of image processing and database paradigms.
image pattern recognition,introduction to synthesis in biometrics.
image understanding using sparse representations,image understanding using sparse representations
image-based visualization: interactive multidimensional data exploration,image-based visualization: interactive multidimensional data exploration
images in social media,images in social media: categorization and organization of images and their collections
imk,markttransparenz in der telekommunikation: chancen und empfehlungen zur realisierung mittels internet.
immd,interactive markov chains = interaktive markovketten.|registrierung und visualisierung medizinischer bilddaten unterschiedlicher modalitäten.
immersive analytics,situated analytics.
implanted antennas in medical wireless communications,implanted antennas in medical wireless communications
impossibility results for distributed computing,impossibility results for distributed computing
imprecision and uncertainty in information representation and processing,ituitionistic fuzzy estimation of the generalized nets model of spatial-temporal group scheduling problems.
incentive-centric semantic web application engineering,incentive-centric semantic web application engineering
incomplete data and data dependencies in relational databases,incomplete data and data dependencies in relational databases
individual and collective graph mining,individual and collective graph mining: principles, algorithms, and applications
induction, algorithmic learning theory, and philosophy,deduction, induction, and beyond in parametric logic.|introduction to the philosophy and mathematics of algorithmic learning theory.
inductive logic,inductive logic and empirical psychology.
infix,new contributions to vision based human computer interaction in local and global environments.|intuitive schnittstelle: eine neue computerumgebung für die planung bildkünstlerischer prozesse.
influence and behavior analysis in social networks and social media,social network to improve the educational experience with the deployment of different learning models.
information and database quality,a neat approach for data quality assessment - industrial experiences using a dq assessment methodology.
information and human values,information and human values
information and influence propagation in social networks,information and influence propagation in social networks
information architecture: the design and integration of information spaces,information architecture: the design and integration of information spaces
information communication,information communication
information concepts: from books to cyberspace identities,information concepts: from books to cyberspace identities
information retrieval and mining in distributed environments,a relational approach to sensor network data mining.|an agent-oriented architecture for researcher profiling and association using semantic web technologies.|using a network of scalable ontologies for intelligent indexing and retrieval of visual content.|reputation-based trust diffusion in complex socio-economic networks.
information retrieval evaluation,information retrieval evaluation
information retrieval models: foundations & relationships,information retrieval models: foundations & relationships
information security, coding theory and related combinatorics,on jacobsthal binary sequences.|designs, strongly regular graphs and codes constructed from some primitive groups.
information technologies in biomedicine,kinematic analysis of complex therapeutic movements of the upper limb.
information technology and product development,it-based knowledge management systems to support the design of product development processes.
information theory and rate distortion theory for communications and compression,information theory and rate distortion theory for communications and compression
information theory tools for computer graphics,information theory tools for computer graphics
information theory tools for image processing,information theory tools for image processing
information verification in the digital age,information verification in the digital age: the news library perspective
information visualization,visual analytics: definition, process, and challenges.
informing chemical engineering decisions with data, research, and government resources,informing chemical engineering decisions with data, research, and government resources
innovations in bayesian networks,causal graphical models with latent variables: learning and inference.
innovations in big data mining and embedded knowledge,anticipating the user: acoustic disposition recognition in intelligent interactions.
innovations in hybrid intelligent systems,a web tool to discover full-length sequences - full-lengther.|natpro-c13 - an interactive tool for the structural elucidation of natural compounds.|experimental analysis for the lennard-jones problem solution.
innovations in intelligent machines (1),toward robot perception through omnidirectional vision.|predicting operator capacity for supervisory control of multiple uavs.
innovations in intelligent machines (4),large scale text mining approaches for information retrieval and extraction.
innovations in intelligent machines (5),application of swarm intelligence in fuzzy entropy based image segmentation.|computational intelligence techniques for chemical process control.
innovations in knowledge management,social media applications for knowledge exchange in organizations - requirements, application, and user acceptance in industrial and scientific settings.
innovations in neural information paradigms and applications,innovations in neural information paradigms and applications|towards computational modelling of neural multimodal integration based on the superior colliculus concept.|unsupervised and supervised learning of graph domains.|self-organizing maps for structured domains: theory, models, and learning of kernels.|metric learning for prototype-based classification.|advances in neural information processing paradigms.
innovations in robot mobility and control,using visual features for building and localizing within topological maps of indoor environments.|intelligent precision motion control.|multi view and multi scale image based visual servo for micromanipulation.|voronoi-based outdoor traversable region modelling.|intelligent neurofuzzy control of a robotic gripper.
innovations in swarm intelligence,a multi-resolution ga-pso layered encoding cascade optimization model.
innovative applications in data mining,a gui tool for plausible reasoning in the semantic web using mebn.
innovative computing methods and their applications to engineering problems,a discrete differential evolution approach with local search for traveling salesman problems.|pso in building fuzzy systems.|theory and applications of chaotic optimization methods.
innovative techniques in instruction technology, e-learning, e-assessment, and education,the g2 project: establishing a csu "grand grid" for scientific computing in research and education.
innovative trends in personalized software engineering and information systems,innovative trends in personalized software engineering and information systems - the case of intelligent and adaptive e-learning systems
insider attack and cyber security,reconfigurable tamper-resistant hardware support against insider threats: the trusted illiac approach.
insider threats in cyber security,a risk management approach to the "insider threat".
inst. für fördertechnik und logistiksysteme,modellierung und optimierung von mehrstufigen umschlagsystemen.
inst. für informatik und praktische mathematik,fast: eine prozessor-architektur mit einem neuartigen stacksystem.
inst. für verkehr, eisenbahnwesen und verkehrssicherung,expertensystemkonzept für die fahrwegdisposition von werksbahnen.
inst. für wasserbau u. wasserwirtschaft, rhein.-westfäl. techn. hochsch.,zur digitalen bildverarbeitung bei wasserbaulichen strömungsuntersuchungen.
inst. für werkzeugmaschinen und betriebstechnik,konzeption eines reaktionsschnellen planungssystems für logistikketten auf basis von software-agenten: ansatz zur planung und steuerung von verteilten produktionssystemen mit heterogenen iv-systemen.
integral equation methods for electromagnetic and elastic waves,integral equation methods for electromagnetic and elastic waves
integrated intelligent systems for engineering design,a bayesian methodology for estimating uncertainty of decisions in safety-critical systems.|an approach to software design reuse using case-based reasoning and wordnet.
integrating research and practice in software engineering,a software analysis based vulnerability detection system for smart contracts.|nuts and bolts of extracting variability models from natural language requirements documents.
integrating user-centred design in agile development,user integration in agile software development processes: practices and challenges in small and medium sized enterprises.
integration of swarm intelligence and artificial neural network,automated power quality disturbance classification using evolvable neural network.
intelligence and security informatics,optimization problems for port-of-entry detection systems.|automating event extraction for the security domain.
intelligence in reliability engineering,posbist reliability theory for coherent systems.|neural networks for reliability-based optimal design.|software reliability predictions using artificial neural networks.|particle swarm optimization in reliability engineering.
intelligence systems in environmental management,a norm-aware multi-agent system for social simulations in a river basin.
intelligent adaptation and personalization techniques in computer-supported collaborative learning,system orchestration support for a collaborative blended learning flow.
intelligent agents in the evolution of web and applications,considering resource management in agent-based virtual organization.
intelligent and soft computing in infrastructure systems engineering,application of soft computing techniques to expansive soil characterization.|extended kalman filter and its application in pavement engineering.|intelligent and soft computing in infrastructure systems engineering: recent advances|knowledge discovery and data mining using artificial intelligence to unravel porous asphalt concrete in the netherlands.|case studies of asphalt pavement analysis/design with application of the genetic algorithm.|backcalculation of flexible pavements using soft computing.|neural networks application in pavement infrastructure materials.|regression and artificial neural network modeling of resilient modulus of subgrade soils for pavement design applications.
intelligent assistive robots,isign: an architecture for humanoid assisted sign language tutoring.
intelligent autonomous robotics: a robot soccer case study,intelligent autonomous robotics: a robot soccer case study
intelligent autonomous systems,ensemble learning for multi-source information fusion.
intelligent collaborative e-learning systems and applications,detecting and solving negative situations in real cscl experiences with a role-based interaction analysis approach.
intelligent computational optimization in engineering,evolutionary algorithms in the optimal sizing of analog circuits.
intelligent computer graphics,objects description exploiting user's sociality.|verbalization of 3d scenes based on natural language generation techniques.
intelligent computing based on chaos,implementation of low emi spread spectrum clock generators exploiting a chaos-based jitter.|chaos based generation of true random bits.|circuits and systems for the synthesis of chaotic signals in engineering applications.|fractal based image indexing and retrieval.|fractal indexing in multimodal biometric contexts.
intelligent computing paradigm,identification of malignancy from cytological images based on superpixel and convolutional neural networks.
intelligent data mining,penalty-reward analysis with uninorms: a study of customer (dis)satisfaction.|discovering the factors affecting the location selection of fdi in china.|techniques to improve multi-agent systems for searching and mining the web.|association rule based specialization in er models.
intelligent decision making in quality management,software architecture quality of service analysis based on optimization models.|multivariate statistical and computational intelligence techniques for quality monitoring of production systems.
intelligent decision making: an ai-based approach,future directions: building a decision making framework using agent teams.
intelligent decision support systems for sustainable computing,intelligent decision support systems for sustainable computing - paradigms and applications|intelligent decision support systems for sustainable computing.|efficiency in energy decision support systems using soft computing techniques.
intelligent decision systems in large-scale distributed environments,efficient data sharing over large-scale distributed communities.
intelligent educational machines,a web-based authoring tool for intelligent tutors: blending assessment and instructional assistance.
intelligent exploration of the web,content-based fuzzy search in a multimedia web database.
intelligent information access,a uniform theoretic approach to opinion and information retrieval.
intelligent methods for cyber warfare,cyber insider mission detection for situation awareness.
intelligent monitoring, control, and security of critical infrastructure systems,telecommunication networks.
intelligent multimedia analysis for security applications,printer and scanner forensics: models and methods.
intelligent multimedia communication,human-centered face computing in multimedia interaction and communication.|avs video coding standard.
intelligent multimedia data hiding: new directions,adaptive embedding and detection for improved video watermarking.|tabu search based multi-watermarking over lossy networks.
intelligent networking, collaborative systems and applications,evolving schedules of independent tasks by differential evolution.|a lightweight approach to distributed network diagnosis under uncertainty.
intelligent paradigms for assistive and preventive healthcare,gait training system for computer-aided rehabilitation.
intelligent systems for knowledge management,an architecture for the semantic enhancement of virtual engineering applications.|identification of contact conditions by active force sensing.
intelligent techniques and tools for novel system architectures,a bayesian solution to robustly track multiple objects from visual data.
intelligent techniques in engineering management,a fuzzy evaluation of projects for business processes' quality improvement.
intelligent text categorization and clustering,intelligent text categorization and clustering
intelligent tools for building a scientific information platform,long-term preservation services as a key element of the digital libraries infrastructure.|semantic data sharing and presentation in integrated knowledge system.|clepsydra data aggregation and enrichment framework: design, implementation and deployment in the pionier network digital libraries federation.
intelligent unmanned systems,discontinuous control and backstepping method for the underactuated control of vtol aerial robots with four rotors.|fault and mode switching identification for hybrid systems with application to electro-hydraulic system in vehicles.|locomotion mechanism of intelligent unmanned explorer for deep space exploration.
intelligent video event analysis and understanding,event understanding of human-object interaction: object movement detection via stable changes.
intemann,schnelle identifizierung von peptiden durch sensitive bestimmung ihrer aminosäurezusammensetzung und zugriff auf sequenzdatenbanken.
interacting with information,interacting with information
interaction for visualization,interaction for visualization
interactions between computational intelligence and mathematics (2),a generalized net model for the coordination and synchronization of human and computer-based expert type decision support activities.|nature inspired clustering - use cases of krill herd algorithm and flower pollination algorithm.
interactive collaborative information systems,learning with whom to communicate using relational reinforcement learning.
interactive ir user study design, evaluation, and reporting,interactive ir user study design, evaluation, and reporting
interactive knowledge discovery and data mining in biomedical informatics,on entropy-based data mining.|on the generation of point cloud data sets: step one in the knowledge discovery process.
interactive learning through visualization,working group reports.|introduction.|interactive computer graphics via telecommunications.|interactive learning through visualization, the impact of computer graphics in education
interactive multi-modal question-answering,experiments in multimodal information presentation.
interactive shape design,interactive shape design
interactive technologies for autism,interactive technologies for autism
intermediate probability theory for biomedical engineers,intermediate probability theory for biomedical engineers
internationalismus-verlag,computerfaszination und gesellschaftsentwicklung: eine sozialpsychologische studie.
internet der dinge,sicherer informationsaustausch im internet der dinge.
internet of things and inter-cooperative computational technologies for collective intelligence,hybrid cloud architecture for vanet simulations.
intertwingled - the work and influence of ted nelson,intertwingled - the work and influence of ted nelson|riffing on ted nelson - hypermind.
interval / probabilistic uncertainty and non-classical logics,possible semantics for a common framework of probabilistic logics.|the evidential reasoning approach for multi-attribute decision analysis under both fuzzy and interval uncertainty.|trade-off between sample size and accuracy: case of dynamic measurements under interval uncertainty.
into the wild: beyond the design research lab,hci in the wild mêlée of office life - explorations in breaching the pc data store.
introduction to arabic natural language processing,introduction to arabic natural language processing
introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part i,introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part i
introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part ii,introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part ii
introduction to chinese natural language processing,introduction to chinese natural language processing
introduction to continuum biomechanics,introduction to continuum biomechanics
introduction to distributed self-stabilizing algorithms,introduction to distributed self-stabilizing algorithms
introduction to embedded systems: using ansi c and the arduino development environment,introduction to embedded systems: using ansi c and the arduino development environment
introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on analog multimedia explorations,introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on analog multimedia explorations
introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on digital multimedia and robotics explorations,introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on digital multimedia and robotics explorations
introduction to intelligent systems in traffic and transportation,introduction to intelligent systems in traffic and transportation
introduction to linguistic annotation and text analytics,introduction to linguistic annotation and text analytics
introduction to logic,introduction to logic
introduction to logic synthesis using verilog hdl,introduction to logic synthesis using verilog hdl
introduction to logic, second edition,introduction to logic, second edition
introduction to logic, third edition,introduction to logic, third edition
introduction to noise-resilient computing,introduction to noise-resilient computing
introduction to reconfigurable supercomputing,introduction to reconfigurable supercomputing
introduction to secure outsourcing computation,introduction to secure outsourcing computation
introduction to semi-supervised learning,introduction to semi-supervised learning
introduction to smart antennas,introduction to smart antennas
introduction to statistics for biomedical engineers,introduction to statistics for biomedical engineers
introduction to the finite element method in electromagnetics,introduction to the finite element method in electromagnetics
introduction to webometrics: quantitative web research for the social sciences,introduction to webometrics: quantitative web research for the social sciences
introductory medical imaging,introductory medical imaging
introductory tiling theory for computer graphics,introductory tiling theory for computer graphics
intuitionistic and type-2 fuzzy logic enhancements in neural and optimization algorithms,direct and indirect evolutionary designs of artificial neural networks.|comparing evolutionary artificial neural networks from second and third generations for solving supervised classification problems.
inverse obstacle scattering with non-over-determined scattering data,inverse obstacle scattering with non-over-determined scattering data
ios press,recent advances in ambient assisted living - bridging assistive technologies, e-health and personalized health care
iospress,efficient source selection for sparql endpoint query federation
ipk,wirtschaftliche einführung der rechnerintegrierten produktion in kleinen unternehmen mit komplexer produktionsstruktur.|ein methodischer ansatz zum strukturvergleich technischer objekte.|flexible on-line-prozeßoptimierung mit integrierten adaptiven modellen.
ipn,systembildenlernen am beispiel von carnots wärmelehre.
irb-verlag,modellierung visueller erkennungsvorgänge mit neuronalen netzen.
irods primer: integrated rule-oriented data system,irods primer: integrated rule-oriented data system
isle,freiheitsgradregularisierte lösungsbeschreibungen in der wissenschaftlichen bildanalyse am beispiel der restauration astronomischer himmelsüberwachungsaufnahmen.|beitrag zum modellbasierten entwurf eingebetteter systeme: komponentenbasierte modellierungsansätze für verteilte rekonfigurierbare plattformen.|datengetriebene parallelisierte ablaufsteuerung für die automatisierte industrielle bildverarbeitung.
issues and challenges in artificial intelligence,a robust system for high-quality reconstruction of 3d objects from photographs.
italian natural language processing within the parli project,harmonization and development of resources and tools for italian natural language processing within the parli project
iwbs,ereignisse: ihre logik und ontologie aus textsemantischer sicht: eine untersuchung über die form und erstellung sortenbasierter ereignisstrukturen aus texten.|symmetric coordination: an alternative theory of phrase structure.
iwr,eine robuste und effiziente finite-elemente-methode zur lösung der inkompressiblen 3-d navier-stokes-gleichungen auf vektorrechnern.
j. b. metzler,rational reasoning with finite conditional knowledge bases: theoretical and implementational aspects.
jacobs,prädiktion und bewertung von protein-protein-dockingpositionen.|detektion unbekannter wörter in gesprochener sprache.
joint source channel coding using arithmetic codes,joint source channel coding using arithmetic codes
joint source-channel video transmission,joint source-channel video transmission
jordan canonical form: application to differential equations,jordan canonical form: application to differential equations
jordan canonical form: theory and practice,jordan canonical form: theory and practice
jost-jetter,ein regelbasierter beobachter zur prozessorientierten integration betrieblicher informationssysteme.|referenzmodell zur zielgruppenspezifischen entwicklung einer webbasierten informationsplattform für den technischen vertrieb.|referenzmodell zur integrierten kommunikationsunterstützung von kooperierenden, örtlich verteilten akteuren.|entwicklung eines customer-self-service-systems im technischen kundendienst des maschinenbaus.|offene numerische steuerungen für prozeßabhängige bearbeitungen: vereinheitlichte struktur, funktionen und schnittstellen.|entwicklung einer gestaltelementierten produktbeschreibung zur konstruktionsbegleitenden programmierung von montagerobotern.|automatisierung und prozeßüberwachung der insertion von pedikelschrauben.|verfahren zur entwicklung von leitungssatz-architekturen mit genetischen algorithmen.|ein system für das wiederverwendungs-management von software-komponenten.|rechnergestützter entwurf von ultraschallsensorsystemen für serviceroboter.|ein richdata-konzept für virtuelle realität dargestellt am beispiel der fahrzeugkonfiguration.|ein architekturmodell für portale im technischen vertrieb.|ein integrierter ansatz zur wissensbasierten informationsrecherche.|aufbau von produktionsnahen teaminformationsportalen bei kundenindividueller produktion mittels entwurfsmustersprachen.|eine vorgehensweise zur systematischen modellierung webbasierter anwendungen.|adaptive segmentierung von tiefenbildern für die 3-d-objektlageerkennung auf basis von kombinierten regelgeometrischen elementen.|ein referenzmodell für elektronische geschäftstransaktionen im zwischenbetrieblichen geschäftsverkehr.|entwicklung eines datenbankgestützten systems zum management verteilter werkstoffinformationen.|anlageninformationssystem - informationsmodell und erstellungssystematik.|auftragskoordination in produktionsnetzen der halbleiterindustrie.|ein system zum visuell hochwertigen echtzeitrendering für virtuelle umgebungen.|engineering multimedialer online-services für den maschinenbau.
jr-verlag,verschnittplanungsverfahren für flächen mit beliebigen konturen.|integrierte handels- und steuerbilanzpolitik: ein computergestütztes mehrperioden-entscheidungsmodell bei mehrfacher zielsetzung.
judgement and the epistemic foundation of logic,a priori knowledge in bolzano, conceptual truths, and judgements.|containment and variation; two strands in the development of analyticity from aristotle to martin-löf.|windelband on beurteilung.|the role of wolff's analysis of judgements in kant's inaugural dissertation.|immanent and real states of affairs in husserl's early theory of judgement: reflections on manuscripts from 1893/1894 and their background in the logic of brentano and stumpf.|descartes' theory of judgement: warranted assertions, the key to science.|striving, oomph, and intelligibility in spinoza.|verificationism then and now.|demonstrations versus proofs, being an afterword to constructions, proofs, and the meaning of the logical constants.|frege and russell on assertion.
judgment aggregation: a primer,judgment aggregation: a primer
juris-dr. und verlag,expertensystem für die störungsdiagnose an wärmetechnischen anlagen von gebäuden.
just technology,just technology: the quest for cultural, economic, environmental, and technical sustainability
jülich forschungszentrum,analysis of i/o requirements of scientific applications.
kamloth,satellitenaltimetrie über eis: anwendungen des geosat-altimeters über dem ekströmisen, antarktis = satellite altimetry over ice.|modell eines adaptierbaren, rechnergestützten, wissenschaftlichen arbeitsplatzes am alfred-wegener-institut für polar- und meeresforschung = modelling an adaptive, computer based, scientific workplace at the alfred wegener institute for polar and marine research.
kassel univ. press,kirche, jugend, internet: die landeskirche von kurhessen waldeck im netz ; erreichbarkeit und einbindung der jungen generation nach der konfirmation mittels einer speziellen homepage.|interoperabilität im europäisierungsprozess der strafverfolgungsbehörden: analyse der nationalen und europäischen komponente aus deutscher sicht.|on the importance of time synchronization for context aware applications.|beitrag zu methoden, analyse, bewertung und prognose von software-zuverlässigkeit in sicherheitssystemen.|sicherheit eingebetteter systeme auf basis arithmetischer codierungen.|context pattern method for validating context information.
kassel university press,anforderungsmuster zur spezifikation soziotechnischer systeme. standardisierte anforderungen der vertrauenswürdigkeit und rechtsverträglichkeit.|distributed model predictive control with event-based communication.|avatare in katastrophensimulationen. entwicklung eines katastrophen-trainings-systems zur darstellung von beteiligten in großschadenslagen.|beitrag zur betrachtung von safety-intrusion bei systemen mit funktionaler sicherheit.|programming models for next generation hpc systems.|model-driven development methodology for hybrid embedded systems based on uml with emphasis on safety-related requirements.|user-anonymität in mobile-payment-systemen: ein referenzmodell zur gestaltung der user-anonymität in mobile-payment-systemen.|ein beitrag zur mathematischen charakterisierung von photovoltaik-dünnschichttechnologien auf basis realer i/u-kennlinien.|unanticipated dynamic adaptation of mobile applications.|cloud computing. technik, sicherheit und rechtliche gestaltung.|contribution of modelling and analysis of wireless communication for safety related systems with bluetooth technology.
kernforschungszentrum,ein wissensbasierter planungsansatz für reihenfolgeprobleme in einer roboterzelle.
key issues regarding digital libraries: evaluation and integration,key issues regarding digital libraries: evaluation and integration
keyword search in databases,keyword search in databases
kieler wissenschaftsverlag vauk,zur verwendung von antwortmodellen in der quantitativen agrarökonomischen analyse.|tourenplanung bei grosser kundenzahl.
kirsch,angewandte wissenschaft und theorie autopoietischer systeme.
kirschbaum,datenstruktur und abfragesprache für raumbezogene informationen.
kit scientific publ.,dichte objektsegmentierung in stereobildfolgen.|a machine-checked, type-safe model of java concurrency: language, virtual machine, memory model, and verified compiler.|physics-based probabilistic motion compensation of elastically deformable objects.|modulorientiertes produktlinien-engineering für den modellbasierten elektrik-elektronik-architekturentwurf.|effizientes routing in strukturierten p2p overlays.|a problem-oriented approach for dynamic verification of heterogeneous embedded systems.|fusion multivariater bildserien am beispiel eines kamera-arrays / von ioana gheţa.|kollaborative softwareentwicklung auf basis serviceorientierter architekturen.|integrated software architecture-based reliability prediction for it systems.|planung kooperativer fahrmanöver für kognitive automobile.|modified mass-spring system for physically based deformation modeling.|automatisierte wahl von kommunikationsprotokollen für das heutige und zukünftige internet.|verfahren und protokolle für energiebewusste, gemeinsame ressourcenverwendung mit mobilen geräten.|simulation inkompressibler deformierbarer körper.
kit scientific publishing,modellbasierte und positionsgenaue erkennung von regentropfen in bildfolgen zur verbesserung von videobasierten fahrerassistenzfunktionen.|situationsverstehen für die risikobeurteilung bei der mensch-roboter-kooperation.|flexible views for view-based model-driven development.|hybride simulation mobiler geschäftsprozesse.|model transformation languages with modular information hiding.|begriffliche situationsanalyse aus videodaten bei unvollständiger und fehlerhafter information.|effiziente schätzung dichter bewegungsvektorfelder unter berücksichtigung der epipolargeometrie zwischen unterschiedlichen ansichten einer szene.|it-gestütztes compliance management für geschäftsprozesse.|simultaneous tracking and shape estimation of extended objects.|learning and execution of object manipulation tasks on humanoid robots.|probabilistische szenenmodelle für die luftbildauswertung.|a contribution to resource-aware architectures for humanoid robots.|predictive energy-efficient motion trajectory optimization of electric vehicles.|secure and efficient ip mobility support for aeronautical communications.|shared grasping: a combination of telepresence and grasp planning.|mehrobjekt-zustandsschätzung mit verteilten sensorträgern am beispiel der umfeldwahrnehmung im straßenverkehr.|ein methodischer beitrag zur hybriden regelung der produktionsqualität in der fahrzeugmontage.|intraoperative modellierung und registrierung für ein laparoskopisches assistenzsystem.|genauigkeitsuntersuchung von binokularen normalenvektoren für die umfeldwahrnehmung.|organic smart home - energiemanagement für intelligente gebäude.|probabilistische planungsverfahren für die deflektometrische oberflächeninspektion.|compact environment modelling from unconstrained camera platforms.|framework for the integration of mobile device features in plm.|confidential data-outsourcing and self-optimizing p2p-networks: coping with the challenges of multi-party systems.|data-driven methods for fault localization in process technology.|bewegungsregelung mobiler manipulatoren für die mensch-roboter-interaktion mittels kartesischer modellprädiktiver regelung.|world modeling for intelligent autonomous systems.|fahrplanbasiertes energiemanagement in smart grids.|decentralized control and adaptation in distributed applications via web and semantic web technologies.|ein rahmenwerk für die architektur von frühwarnsystemen.|low-latency big data visualisation.|interaktives gebäude-energiemanagement.|feature-based probabilistic data association for video-based multi-object tracking.|probabilistic models for 3d urban scene understanding from movable platforms.|anwendung von lean-prinzipien im erdbau - entwicklung eines baustellenleitstands auf basis von virtual reality.|geometrie und topologie von trajektorienoptimierung für vollautomatisches fahren.|haptic guidance for extended range telepresence.|über lernende optische inspektion am beispiel der schüttgutsortierung.|building evacuation with mobile devices.|an access definition and query language: towards a unified access control model.|musterbasierte kontrollflusssemantik für geschäftsprozessmodellierungssprachen.|wissensbasierte planung für die minimal-invasive chirurgie.|hyperspectral image unmixing incorporating adjacency information.|modellierung, integration und analyse von ressourcen in geschäftsprozessen.|human-inspired balancing and recovery stepping for humanoid robots.|nutzerorientiertes energiedatenmanagement.|asynchrone anwenderbeteiligung in software-projekten.|characterization, avoidance and repair of packet collisions in inter-vehicle communication networks.|automated improvement of software architecture models for performance and other quality attributes.|facial texture super-resolution by fitting 3d face models.|advanced signaling support for ip-based networks.|evolution von relationen in temporalen partiten themen-graphen.|certifying software component performance specifications.|konzept einer agentenbasierten transportsteuerung: für komplexe, dynamische und multimodale logistiknetzwerke.|transformation von multiphysics-modellen in einen fpga-entwurf für den echtzeitfähigen hil-test eingebetteter systeme.|objektsensitive verfolgung und klassifikation von fußgängern mit verteilten multi-sensor-trägern.|optimal sequence-based control of networked linear systems.|usage policies for decentralised information processing.|design and application of quantified self approaches for reflective learning in the workplace.|ontologie-basierte monosemierung: bestimmung von referenzen im semanticweb.|a reference structure for modular metamodels of quality-describing domain-specific modeling languages.|modelling event-based interactions in component-based architectures for quantitative system evaluation.|flexible integration and efficient analysis of multidimensional datasets from the web.|whole-body affordances for humanoid robots: a computational approach.|analysis and recognition of human actions with flow features and temporal models.|semantisches informationsmodell für die betriebsunterstützung dienstorientierter systeme.|web-oriented event processing.|real-time biomechanical modeling for intraoperative soft tissue registration.|inferenz von kreuzungsinformationen aus flottendaten.|modellierung und simulation von it-dienstleistungsprozessen.|ranking for web data search using on-the-fly data integration.|automatisierte erkennung von fehlern bei der wartung von it-services.|verfahrensfortschritte in der robusten echtzeiterkennung von schriftzeichen.|multitarget tracking using orientation estimation for optical belt sorting.|vergleich technischer implementierungen für gridflow-systeme.|ähnlichkeitsbasierte suche in geschäftsprozessmodelldatenbanken.|privatheit und datenschutz in der intelligenten überwachung: ein datenschutzgewährendes system, entworfen nach dem "privacy by design" prinzip.|identifikation des menschlichen bewegungsverhaltens auf der basis von primitiven.|umgebungskartenschätzung aus sidescan-sonardaten für ein autonomes unterwasserfahrzeug.|tracking extended objects with active models and negative measurements.|systemdienstleistungserbringung durch intelligente gebäude.|hardwaregestützte energieoptimierung von elektrik-, elektronik-architekturen durch adaptive abschaltung von verteilten, eingebetteten systemen.|optical coherence tomography guided laser-cochleostomy.|effizienter regressionstest von e/e-systemen nach iso 26262.|robuste detektion, verfolgung und wiedererkennung von personen in videodaten mit niedriger auflösung.|ein neues konzept zur automatisierten bewertung von fertigkeiten in der minimal invasiven chirurgie für virtual-reality-simulatoren in grid-umgebungen.|coordinating service compositions: model and infrastructure for collaborative creation of electronic documents.|intraoperative planning and execution of arbitrary orthopedic interventions using handheld robotics and augmented reality.|architekturbasierte bewertung und planung von änderungsanfragen.|entwurfsoptimierung von selbst-adaptiven wartungsmechanismen für software-intensive technische systeme.|steigerung der akzeptanz von intelligenter videoüberwachung in öffentlichen räumen.|lademanagement für elektrofahrzeuge.|interessengetriebene audiovisuelle szenenexploration.|a semantic wiki-based platform for it service management.|moving object detection and segmentation for remote aerial video surveillance.|state estimation for distributed systems with stochastic and set-membership uncertainties.|video-to-video face recognition for low-quality surveillance data.|farbmessung an led-systemen.|simulation-based planning of machine vision inspection systems with an application to laser triangulation.|new methods to improve large-scale microscopy image analysis with prior knowledge and uncertainty.|entwicklung von prozessorientierten informationssystemen für die industrielle dienstleistungsbeschaffung.|case-based decision support for disaster management.|beitrag zur unterwasserbildrestauration.|cloud standby - eine methode zur vorhaltung eines notfallsystems in der cloud.|erkennung menschlicher aktivitäten durch erfassung und analyse von bewegungstrajektorien.|dynamic network notation: a graphical modeling language to support the visualization and management of network effects in service platforms.|interlacing self-localization, moving object tracking and mapping for 3d range sensors.
klartext-verlag,computer im sozialamt: die elektronische verwaltung der armut.
kleine,unsynchronized systems, error estimates and permutationcodes in multi-user information theory.
klinkenberg,aufwand- und nutzen-bewertung einer rechnergeführten störungsbeseitigung in mittelspannungsnetzen.|eine neue methode des unscharfen schließens für expertensysteme.
kluwer,document computing - technologies for managing electronic document collections
knapp,computergeld: entwicklungen u. ordnungspolit. probleme d. elektron. zahlungsverkehrssystems.
knirsch,untersuchungen zur bildbasierten navigationsleistung in virtuellen welten.
knowledge discovery enhanced with semantic and social information,the ex project: web information extraction using extraction ontologies.
knowledge graphs and big data processing,context-based entity matching for big data.|case study from the energy domain.|survey on big data applications.
knowledge graphs for explainable artificial intelligence,differentiable reasoning on large knowledge bases and natural language.|neuro-symbolic architectures for context understanding.|benchmarking the lifecycle of knowledge graphs.|knowledge graph embeddings and explainable ai.
knowledge management (km) processes in organizations: theoretical foundations and practice,knowledge management (km) processes in organizations: theoretical foundations and practice
knowledge management and organizational learning,valuing knowledge within virtual cops: the quest for meaningful indicators.
kohler,die strategische bedeutung der informatik für organisationen: industrieökonomische grundlagen des strategischen informatikmanagements.
kohlhammer,der gläserne mensch im internet: ethische reflexionen zur sichtbarkeit, leiblichkeit und personalität in der online-kommunikation.
kopaed,digitale medien im schulalltag: eine qualitativ rekonstruktive studie zum medienhandeln und berufsbezogenen orientierungen von lehrkräften.
kovac,evaluation und weiterentwicklung von zertifizierungsverfahren für biometrische systeme: eine exemplarische betrachtung von zertifizierungsverfahren mit dem schwerpunkt it-sicherheit.
kovac, hamburg, germany,business intelligence aus kennzahlen und dokumenten: integration strukturierter und unstrukturierter daten in entscheidungsunterstützenden informationssystemen.
kovać,rechnergestützte qualitätssicherung im betrieblichen software-entwurf.|ein mittelstandstaugliches finanzwirtschaftliches planungssystem: d. entwurf e. computergestützten integrierten systems d. finanz-, ergebnis- u. steuerplanung für grössere mittelständ. unternehmen.|entwicklung objektorientierter konzepte zur erstellung paralleler und verteilter systeme des rechnergestützten schaltungsentwurfs.
kovač,kontextermittlung und -berücksichtigung in hypertextinformationssystemen.|temporal modeling in relational database systems.|statische programmanalyse zur unterstützung der wartung objektorientierter applikationen.|implizite darstellung von parallelität auf der ebene des programmiermodells.|personalisierung im internet: persönliche empfehlungen mit "collaborative filtering".|kommunikation und synchronisation multimedialer datenströme in verteilten systemen.|energieeffiziente concast-kommunikation in drahtlosen sensornetzen.|computerbezogene sprache: eine explorative studie zur untersuchung von handlungsbegleitendem sprechen in der interaktion mit dem computer.|real-time communication mac protocols for wireless sensor networks: for automotive and industrial applications.|a functional pattern system for object-oriented design.|hierarchische petrinetze: beiträge zur theorie und formale basis für zugehörige werkzeuge.|produktivitätssteigerung bei der entwicklung komplexer softwareprodukte durch adaptierte entwicklungsumgebungen: untersuchung anhand der abap-entwicklungsumgebung des sap netweaver.|eckenabsuchende verfahren unter entartung: theorie, algorithmen und vergleichstests.|vermittlung und management von diensten in offenen systemen.|timing driven floorplanning beim hierarchischen vlsi-entwurf.|pegros: ein konzept zur entwicklung eines graphischen, objektorientierten modellbildungs- und simulationswerkzeugs auf der basis von petri-netzen.|learning search heuristics for automated deduction.|testing cyclic software components of reactive systems on the basis of formal specifications.|on the usage of reputation information in the internet of services.|ein regelbasierter testdatengenerator für das rapid prototyping von datenbankanwendungen.|transformationsbasierte temporallogische programmierung.|pfadanalyse stochastischer netzwerke.|contributions to depth-based classification and computation of the tukey depth.|gestaltung und einsatz einer internetbasierten lernumgebung zur unterstützung selbstorganisierten lernens.|ein konzept zur entwurfsbegleitenden leistungsanalyse von rechensystemen.|privacy by default in the european union proposal for data protection regulation: studies on the impact of restrictive default privacy settings on the exchange of personal information on social network sites.|sicherheitsverfahren für girokonten beim massenverkehr im internet-banking: sicherheit vs. bedienerfreundlichkeit, ein widerspruch?|mehrdimensionale wissensrepräsentation technischer systeme und ihre anwendung in intelligenten tutoriellen systemen.|theoretische grundlagen und praktische konzeption personal-computer-gestützter systeme der bankbilanzanalyse.|relcad: a relational cad system with contraint based geometric modelling.|cybermoney - die rechtliche struktur von zahlungen im internet: eine untersuchung der zahlungssysteme ecash und millicent.|transparenter schutz der aufenthaltsinformation in mobilfunksystemen.|unternehmenskommunikation als interdisziplinäres aufgabenfeld und ihre bündelung in einem edv-gestützten kommunikationsportal.|ein modell zur repräsentation binokularer information.|rechnergestützte simulation und planung auf der grundlage von tabellenkalkulation.|computerlinguistische methoden in community-basierten anwendungen.|objektorientierte integration von autonomen datenhaltungssystemen.|ein problemlösungsverfahren zur verarbeitung inkonsistenter theorien.|die erreichbarkeitsanalyse zur validierung komplexer kommunikationsprotokolle.|technisierung personenbezogener dienstleistungsarbeit.|neuronale netze in planung und optimierung von mobilen kommunikationssystemen.|evaluation hypertextbasierter lernumgebungen: anforderungsanalyse, theoretisches modell und exemplarische umsetzung.|musac - a tool for evaluating measurement uncertainty.|informationsfreiheit und urheberrecht - pressedatenbanken im internet.|m-learning in der beruflichen bildung: potenziale und gestaltungsempfehlungen für m-learning-szenarien.|schnelle bilddatenkompression für raumfahrtanwendungen.|softwarekorrektur online: patchen in realzeitsystemen am beispiel von spc-rechnern.|fehlertolerantes workflow-management: eine architektur für die zuverlässige ausführung verteilter geschäftsprozesse.|frauen und neue medien: einstellungen, zielintentionen und handlungspläne bei der informationssuche von hypertext-novizen.|multimediale lernprogramme im medizinstudium.|verfahren zur effizienten zellularen verarbeitung.|datenschutz in sozialen online-netzwerken de lege lata und de lege ferenda.|kommunikation als produktivfaktor in der produktion: analyse, entwicklung und implementierung eines unternehmensspezifischen systems von kommunikation, leistungsorientierter teamarbeit und kontinuierlichem lernen zur steigerung von qualität und produktivität in der produktion.|antragsprüfung und kartenüberwachung von privaten kreditkartenkunden mit künstlichen neuronalen netzen.|eine architektur zur echtzeitvisualisierung von volumendaten.|architekturentwicklung von roadside-backbone-netzwerken für landgebundene verkehrswege.|ein modell für cad-entwurfsumgebungen: beschreibung und formalisierung wesentlicher konzepte auf der basis von hypermedia.|abstraktion in ereignisbasierten modellen verteilter systeme.|planung und durchführung methodischer entwurfsaktivitäten.|maschinelle analyse deutscher präfixverben mit prolog unter morphosemantischem aspekt.|events in an active, object-oriented database system.|cscl-basierte vermittlung von projektmanagementkompetenzen in der softwareentwicklung.|genged: visual definition of visual languages: based on algebraic graph transformation.|methodical construction of database management systems.|software-ergonomische aspekte der studierumgebung blinder menschen.|erfassung der pcb-belastung in gewässern unter anwendung eines biologischen monitoring-programmes.|plattformübergreifende konstruktion graphischer benutzeroberflächen.|die integration formaler methoden zur spezifikation von informationssystemen.|prototypingorientierte systemspezifikation: konzepte, methoden, werkzeuge und konsequenzen.|anwendungsmöglichkeiten und vorteilhaftigkeit des electronic procurement für öffentliche bundesverwaltungen.|information und nachrichtenwert im netz: eine inhaltsanalyse ausgewählter internet-publikationen.|verknüpfung von technologie cad und elektronischem cad.|enterprise 2.0: sozio-technische neuausrichtung von unternehmen.|anwendung von or-verfahren in mittelständischen unternehmen: eine empirische analyse, entwicklung von einzelfalllösungen und erstellung von anwendungshilfen auf basis der standardsoftware microsoft-excel.|a business communication design for information technology (it) organizations based on information technology infrastructure library (itil).|erfolgsfaktoren von internet-start-ups: eine empirische untersuchung originärer deutscher unternehmensgründungen nach wachstumsphasen und internet-anbietersegmenten.|informelles lernen im arbeitsprozess: eine untersuchung kontextueller einflussfaktoren auf lernaktivitäten von softwareentwicklern.|dokumenten- und prozessmodelle für die software-verwaltung.|shared-memory-implementierung der gamma-operation auf multimengen.|programmieren und induktion: untersuchungen zur kognitiven modellierung des algorithmen-entwurfs.|organisation und informationstechnologie: grundlagen für ein konzept zur organisationssystemgestaltung.|qualitätsvergleiche auf konsumgütermärkten: die auswirkungen neuer informations- und kommunikationstechnologien auf die informationsbeschaffung von konsumenten.|hypothesengesteuerte analyse von objektarchitekturen.|entwurf von algorithmen zur berechnung liouvillescher lösungen von linearen gewöhnlichen differentialgleichungen.|die informationstechnische unterstützung von competitive intelligence (ci) auf basis einer serviceorientierten architektur (soa).|managementarchitektur für verteilte multimedia-anwendungen.|ein modell für agiles geschäftsprozessmanagement: was prozessmanager von programmierern lernen können.|bestimmung des energiebedarfs von rechenzentren: non-deterministic resource framework.|ein modell für informationssuchsysteme im medizinischen umfeld.|stress am bildschirmarbeitsplatz: ansätze zu einer systemorientierten analyse des stresserlebens bei der arbeit mit dem computer.|kooperative informationsagenten im internet.|zur modellierung, simulation und untersuchung komplexer systeme als beitrag für ein modell der erziehung.|synthese assoziativer steuerwerke.|automatische ausdrucksparallelisierung einer funktional-logischen programmiersprache.|ein fuzzy-basiertes modell multiattributiver entscheidungen.|petri net semantics of logic programs and deductive databases.|applications of intelligent systems for news analytics in finance.|quantitative erfassung der software und ihres entstehungsprozesses.|entwurf eines sprachunabhängigen verifikationssystems auf der basis denotationaler semantikbeschreibungen.|angriffe auf datenangebote im internet und deren strafrechtliche relevanz: distributed-denial-of-service-angriffe.|refinements in holcf: implementation of interactive systems.|willenserklärungen im internet: rechtssicherheit durch elektronische signaturen sowie anpassung der formvorschriften und des beweisrechts.|decision support for conceptual database design based on the evidence theory: an intelligent dialogue interface for conceptual database design.|direktmarketing im internet: eine betrachtung der zulässigkeit von unverlangt zugesandter e-mail-werbung im wechselspiel von deutschem und europäischem recht.|it-investitionen: investitionstheoretische behandlung von unsicherheit.|anbieterintegration: ein konzeptioneller ansatz zur analyse und gestaltung kundenseitiger nutzungsprozesse.|ökonomisch vorteilhafte individualisierung und personalisierung: eine analyse unter besonderer berücksichtigung der informationstechnologie und des electronic commerce.|ein beitrag zur langzeitarchivierung von produktdaten.|integration von erlösinformationen in computergestützte konstruktionen industrieller erzeugnisse bei der nutzung von cim-technologien.|informationsüberflutung und deren vermeidung: computerunterstützte informationsflutdämmung unter berücksichtigung biologischer ansätze.|gesetzeslücken bei der internetkriminalität.|positive negative conditional equations: a constructor-based framework for specification and inductive theorem proving.|specification and prototypical execution of integrity concepts for domain specific database management systems.
krausskopf,untersuchung des arbeitsverhaltens programmierbarer handhabungsgeräte.
krehl,evolutionary program induction of binary machine code and its applications.|superposition of generalized stochastic petri nets and its impact on performance analysis.|numerical kronecker analysis of stochastic automata networks.|rechnergestützte konstruktion verteilter anwendungen mit spezifikationsmustern.|performance evaluation of formally specified systems: the integration of sdl with hit.|anwendung multipler metriken bei der entwicklung objektorientierter frameworks.
kriminalistik-verlag,datenschutz und datenverarbeitungsprobleme bei den sicherheitsbehörden.
kölner wissenschafts-verlag,sicherheitsanalyse biometrischer, auf dem software as a service prinzip basierender authentifizierungssysteme.
königshausen und neumann,die dynamische logik des erkennens von charles s. peirce.|verständlichkeit von edv-handbüchern: semiotische und rhetorische textbeschreibungen.
köster,system zur analyse von baumwollstörpartikeln mit hilfe der digitalen bildverarbeitung.|statistische und modellgestützte verfahren zur klassenbildung bei der diagnose von universalmotoren.|on-line-identifikation dynamischer randnetze aus gemessenen netzzustandsänderungen.|informierte graphensuchverfahren und genetische algorithmen zur lösung von containerbeladeproblemen.|wartedauern in einem koppelnetz mit übermittlung im hybriden transfermodus.|ein beitrag zur bildfolgenverarbeitung der gebärdensprache in videobildern.|kommunikationsstruktur in multiprozessorsystemen.|parallele algorithmen zur lösung schwachbesetzter polynominaler gleichungssysteme.|realisierung der linguistisch-phonetischen transkription für die sprachsynthese durch neuronale netze mit multilayer-perceptron-struktur.|der einsatz von microcomputern im mathematikunterricht und daraus resultierende curriculare veränderungen.|auswirkungen von frühbindung auf das leistungsverhalten von express-basierten repositorien.|construction and verification of smooth free form surfaces generated by compatible interpolation of arbitrary meshes.
kühner,methoden und werkzeuge zur entwicklung von zellenrechnersoftware.
ladewig,funktionsnetze: e. modellierungskonzeption zur entwurfs- u. entscheidungsunterstützung.
landmarking and segmentation of 3d ct images,landmarking and segmentation of 3d ct images
lang,das logistische regelfeld absatz - bestände - fertigung: operative simultanplanung im dynam. modell e. konkreten unternehmung.|entwurf und realisierung des datenbankbasierten expertensystems fdbes zur verarbeitung unscharfer mengen.|koordination von entscheidungen in hierarchischen organisationen bei mehrfachen zielsetzungen.|lpl: a structured language for modeling linear programs.|integration wissensbasierter komponenten in datenbankapplikationen.|datenschutzrechtliches ungleichgewicht bei der kontrolle privatwirtschaftlicher unternehmen und öffentlicher wettbewerbsunternehmen?|soziale interdependenz: computerunterstützte theorieentwicklung für experimentelle entscheidungssituationen.|die bedeutung der pressefreiheit für die ausgestaltung der wettbewerbsrechtlichen und urheberrechtlichen haftung von suchdiensten im internet.|strategische erfolgsfaktoren im software-marketing: ein konzept zur erfassung und gewichtung strategischer erfolgsfaktoren mit hilfe quantitativer verfahren.|computerunterstütztes lernen in der beruflichen bildung: analyse von individuellen lernwegen beim einsatz einer unterrichtssoftware und darstellung eines unterrichts in den ausbildungsberufen der informations- und telekommunikationstechnik.|der einsatz des computers im unterricht der primarstufe der schule für lernbehinderte.|einsatz der elektronischen datenverarbeitung in der intensivmedizin vorwiegend am beispiel des elektrokardiogramms.|datenbankentwurf für explorative analysen sozio-ökonomischer prozesse.|die entwicklung eines informations- und kommunikationssystems für das beschaffungsmarketing in industriebetrieben.|prozessorientierte wirtschaftlichkeitsbetrachtung von ca-technologien.|wissensbasierte unterstützung der modellbildung und simulation im umweltbereich: konzeption und prototypische realisierung eines simulationssystems.|grundlagen einer problemfunktionalistischen systemtheorie gesellschaftlicher entwicklung: sozialwiss. theoriekonstruktion mit qualitativen, computergestützten verfahren.|multimedia: einsatzmöglichkeiten, marktchancen und gesellschaftliche implikationen.|vererbungsbasierte semantische repräsentation für maschinelle wörterbücher.|risiken des automatisierten zahlungsverkehrs beim einsatz von pos (ecs), geldautomaten und btx.|gegenargumentieren in der digitalkultur: französische internetforenbeiträge zu europapolitischen fragen.|temporäre benutzermodellierung für multimediale produktpräsentationen im world wide web.|datenverarbeitungskaufleute - ausbildung und umschulung: basis für die einrichtung von neuen berufen in der informations- und kommunikationstechnik.|arbeitswissenschaftliche aspekte der betrieblichen einführung neuer technologien am beispiel von computer aided design (cad): felduntersuchung zur ermittlung arbeitswissenschaftlicher empfehlungen für die einführung neuer technologien.|codekartenmißbrauch am pos-kassen-system: strafrechtliche überlegungen zur computerkriminalität.|zur anwendung der aggregation auf mehrperiodische lineare produktionsprogrammplanungsprobleme.|abhängige beschäftigung und der urheberrechtliche schutz des arbeitsergebnisses: eine untersuchung der nutzungsrechte und vergütungspflichten am beispiel der entwicklung von computerprogrammen im arbeitsverhältnis.|logisches schliessen bei unsicherheit: inferenzen in einer probabilistischen wissensbasis bei induktiv und deduktiv erlernten informationen.|kollektive investitionsstrategien: der elektronische datenaustausch als überbetriebliche infrastruktur.|analyse des anwendungsbereiches von problemlösungsmethoden: d. entwicklung von anwendungsvorschr. für problemlösungsmethoden u.d. bestimmung d. anwendungsbereiches von problemlösungsmethoden auf d. grundlage e. differenzierten problemtheoret. bezugsrahmens für probleme, problemlösungsprozesse u. problemlösungsmethoden.|computeranwendungen und sprachlicher kontext: zu den wechselwirkungen zwischen normaler und formaler sprache bei einsatz und entwicklung von software.|die industrialisierung von programmierarbeit: ihr ausdruck in kontroversen um programmiersprachen u. sprachelemente.|erklärungen in wissensbasierten lernsystemen am beispiel eines tutors zur normalisierung von datenbanken.|probleme lösen - entscheidungen treffen.|haftung für datenverarbeitung: ansprüche d. betroffenen.|partizipative softwareentwicklung im kontext der geschlechterhierarchie.|integrierte arbeitsanalyse in rechnerunterstützten büroarbeitssystemen: entwicklung und erprobung eines integrierten arbeitsanalyseverfahrens für rechnerunterstützte büroarbeitssysteme.|die eingabe musikalischer information als teil eines arbeitsinstrumentes: e. beitr. zur computeranwendung in d. musikwiss.|lernvorgänge bei der bedienung eines textkommunikationssystems: e. unters. über d. zusammenhang von vorwissen, wissenserwerb u. handeln.|anarchie - ein leitbild für die informatik: von den grundlagen der beherrschbarkeit zur selbstbestimmten systementwicklung.|betroffenenorientierte systementwicklung: prozess u. methoden d. entwicklung menschengerechter informationssysteme.|individuelles lernen und rationales handeln in einer komplexen umwelt: systemtheoret. u. kybernet. aspekte d. modellbildung in d. bildungsökonomie.|enabling lightweight real-time collaboration.|management der individuellen datenverarbeitung, dargestellt an der verwaltung des kantons zürich.|interaktionsebenen-modell für dialogsysteme: ein anwendungs- und arbeitsorientierter ansatz zur software-ergonomischen gestaltung von bürosystemen.|ein simulationsmodell für die elektrizitätswirtschaft und seine anwendung bei regionalorientierten planungsfragen.|computergestützte entscheidungshilfen im marketing: die intergration informationsorientierter, modellorientierter und wissensbasierter ansätze im rahmen eines systems zur unterstützung der analyse von marketingdaten.|werbung für den pc: vergleichende analyse der anzeigen- und hörfunkwerbung für das technische produkt personalcomputer.|evangelisierung und internet: theologische sicht auf ein neues medium.|bestimmung und auswahl von zeitbereichseinheiten für die konkatenative sprachsynthese.|softwareentwicklung im vertragsverhältnis: die zuordnung von nutzungsrechten bei fehlender vertraglicher vereinbarung.|identité sociale et évolution: éléments d'une théorie des processus adaptatifs.|mathematik für unsere zeit: gesellschaftliche praxis - theorie der graphen und netze - informatik: philosophische aspekte ihrer beziehungen.|zur lösung komplexer mehrkriterieller entscheidungsprobleme mittels decision support systemen.|korrektes schließen bei unvollständiger information: anwendung des prinzips der maximalen entropie in einem probabilistischen expertensystem.|ökologie - innovation - unternehmenserfolg: unternehmensentwicklung im zeichen des fortschritts.|software-service: servicepolitik von software-herstellern.|unterstützte kommunikation bei körperbehinderten menschen mit einer schweren dysarthrie: eine studie zur effektivität tragbarer sprachcomputer im vergleich zu kommunikationstafeln.|vergleich von verfahren zur lösung von entscheidungsproblemen mit mehrfacher zielsetzung.|the integrative use of qualitative and quantitative knowledge in physics problem solving.|fachsprachliche wortgruppen in englischen und deutschen texten der mikroprozessortechnik.|interactive volume visualization in the context of virtual radiotherapy treatment planning.|diskrete vektoroptimierung.|effektives edv-training: eine untersuchung zu den determinanten des lernerfolgs bei der informationstechnischen qualifizierung von erwachsenen.|computergestützte finanzprognosen für mittelgrosse industriebetriebe.|akzeptanz und effizienz computergestützter dispositionssysteme in der transportwirtschaft: empirische studien zur implementierungsforschung von entscheidungsunterstützungssystemen am beispiel computergestützter tourenplanungssysteme.|auswirkungen der informationstechnologie auf die vertikale integration von unternehmen.|valenz und kongruenzbeziehungen: e. modell zur vereindeutigung von verben in d. maschinellen analyse u. übers.|datenschutz im familien- und vormundschaftsgerichtlichen verfahren.|komplexität neuronaler lernprobleme.|einfluss der computergestützten informations- und kommunikationstechnologie auf das menschliche informationsverhalten: wirkungsanalyse und organisatorische reaktionsmöglichkeiten.|presse und rundfunk im datenschutzrecht: zur regelung des journalistischen umgangs mit personenbezogenen daten.|märkte und handlungssysteme: zur wiss.-theoret. analyse e. systemtheoret.-kybernet. handlungsansatzes im rahmen von idealtyp. strukturen.|expertensysteme in kreditinstituten: realisation eines systems zur analyse von produktabsatzzahlen in einer sparkasse auf basis einer voruntersuchung.|controllingsystem in der elektroindustrie: struktur u. aufbau e. dv-gestützten informationssystems.|wissensentdeckung in datenbanken mit adaptiven regelsystemen: entwicklung eines data-mining-methodenbaukastens auf basis von neuro-fuzzy-systemen.|missbrauch der wettbewerbsrechtlichen abmahnung im bereich des internet.|datenstrukturen strategischer planung.|computersimulation in der berufsschule: entwicklung und evaluation eines konzepts zur förderung kognitiver komplexität im politik- und wirtschaftslehre-unterricht.|untersuchungen zum fachwortschatz der kraftfahrzeugtechnik unter besonderer berücksichtigung des aufbaus einer deutsch-chinesischen terminologiedatenbank für kraftfahrzeugtechnik.|strafverfolgung im internet: phänomenologie und bekämpfung kriminellen verhaltens in internationalen computernetzen.|pädagogische theorien der interaktion im zeitalter neuer technologien: versuch einer didaktischen bewertung von interaktiven computerlehr-/lernprogrammen.|empirische forschung und expertensysteme: analyse möglicher wechselwirkungen.|internet-werbung im europäischen binnenmarkt: gemeinschaftsrechtliche grenzen nationaler werberegelungen unter besonderer berücksichtigung des sekundärrechtlichen herkunftslandprinzips.|trainingssysteme für bankbetriebliche entscheidungen.|die entwicklung wettbewerbsorientierter marketingstrategien auf basis des konzepts der strategischen gruppen: dargestellt am beispiel der hersteller von hochleistungs-pcs und pc-standardanwendungssoftware.|die marxsche theorie als computersimulation: versuch einer systemtheoretischen explikation des marxschen forschungsprogramms.|daten und netze: akzeptanz, nutzung und kommunikatives veränderungspotential der informations- und kommunikationstechnologien.|entwicklung einer komponentenbasierten architektur zur implementierung paralleler anwendungen mittels corba: mit beispielen aus den wirtschaftswissenschaften.|strukturalistische rekonstruktion der act*-theorie von anderson.|nichtkardinale verhandlungstheorie: e. beitr. zum begriffl. fundament spiel- u. verhandlungstheoret. konzepte.|die datenschutzkonvention des europarates.|internet-suchmaschinen als rechtliches problemfeld: die rechtliche beurteilung von meta-tags, keyword advertisements und paid listings.|die mediale revolution: anthropologische überlegungen zu einer ethik der kommunikationstechnik.|der urheberrechtliche schutz elektronischer printmedien: unter besonderer berücksichtigung der privilegierungstatbestände §§ 49, 53 urhg.|information propagation on the web 2.0: two essays on the propagation of user-generated content and how it is affected by social networks.|marketing innovativer dienstleistungen am beispiel elektronischer wirtschaftsinformationsdienste.|softwaresanierung durch objektorientiertes reengineering eines relationalen datenbanksystems.|netzwesen mensch: vom alltag im cyberspace.|datengetriebene simulation in der fertigung.|nicht-sequentielle suche, preiswerbung und marktgleichgewicht.|ein pc-modell zur bestimmung einer optimalen finanzierung fremdgenutzten wohneigentums.|elektronische verträge aus deutscher, europäischer und us-amerikanischer sicht: wirksamwerden, beweisfragen, widerruf unter besonderer berücksichtigung der elektronischen signatur.|informationssysteme und organisationsänderungen in universitätsbibliotheken.|logistik-controlling: entwicklung flexibilitätsorientierter strukturen und methoden zur ganzheitlichen planung, steuerung und kontrolle der unternehmenslogistik.|integration vom wissensmodulen bei der kreditvergabe.|die regulierung von inhalten in den diensten des internets: eine juristische besprechung rechtlicher und technischer möglichkeiten und grenzen.|datenschutz im mediensektor: zur notwendigkeit effektiver und bereichsspezifischer datenschutzvorschriften bei den "neuen medien".|jahresabschlussprüfung bei datenbanksystemen.|datenschutzrecht und grenzüberschreitender datenverkehr: regelungsbedarf, rechtsvergleich und rechtsfortbildung.|entscheidungen unter risiko: bernoulliprinzip und duale theorie.|linguistische eigenschaften und verständlichkeit von software-dokumentationen: eine anwendungsorientierte untersuchung.|computergestütztes ausgaben-controlling bei der beschaffung komplexer produktionssysteme am beispiel des rohkarosseriebereichs im automobilbau.|gesellschaftliche ordnung durch computerisierung.|eine prominenzbasierte methode zur prosodieanalyse und -synthese.|medizinische wissensbasen: vom wissensmodell zur repräsentation ; ein medizintheoretischer ansatz zur modellierung und objektorientierten repräsentation diagnosebezogenen domänewissens für expertensysteme in der medizin.|ansätze künstlicher neuronaler netze zur lösung von tourenplanungsproblemen.|das argumentum a fortiori: eine pilot-studie anhand der praxis von entscheidungsbegründungen.|powerline: verfassungs-, verwaltungs- und telekommunikationsrechtliche probleme.|informationstechnik und abhängigkeit: ein phänomen und seine analyse aus der individual- und unternehmensperspektive.|systematischer datenbankentwurf unter beachtung temporaler aspekte: strukturanalyse am beispiel des sozio-ökonomischen panels.|fehlermeldungen und hilfestellungen im computerunterstützten rechtschreibunterricht.|problem solving models of scientific discovery learning processes.|total-quality-management in der softwareproduktion: industrielle leistungserstellung und modelle eines umfassenden qualitätsmanagements ; merkmalsausprägungen zur situation in der softwareproduktion.|entwurf einer anwendersprache zur steuerung psychologischer reaktionszeitexperimente.|musikpiraterie im internet: eine rechtsvergleichende untersuchung zum deutschen und spanischen strafrecht.|der einsatz von edv und die ärztliche haftung: haftungsfolgen aus unterlassenem oder fehlerbehaftetem edv-einsatz bei diagnose, therapie und dokumentation.|computer in ästhetischen prozessen: d. veränderung ästhet. interaktionen durch computer u. ihre konsequenzen für ästhet. erfahrung.|wettbewerbsvorteile durch informationstechnologie.|datenbanken-zugang zu urheberrechtlich geschütztem material in der informationsgesellschaft.|die integration von expertensystemen in den betrieblichen problembearbeitungsprozess.|rechtsfragen von domain-namen: eine empirische und dogmatische untersuchung zivilrechtlicher probleme, die unter die benutzung von domain-namen im internet aufgeworfen werden, insbesondere im namens- und kennzeichenrecht.|satellitenfernerkundung im völkerrecht: inwieweit existiert ein völkerrechtlicher datenschutz?|türkisch-deutsch: morphosyntaktische untersuchungen mit pll (programming language for linguistics) und ein modell zur maschinellen übersetzung.|towards real learning robots.|methoden zur abschätzung des wirtschaftlichen erfolges von organisationsmassnahmen.|fremdsprachenlernen mit multimedia: anforderungen aus sicht der nutzerinnen ; eine qualitative untersuchung zum selbstorganisierten lernen.|computer und veränderungen im weltbild ihrer nutzer: eine qualitative längsschnittanalyse bei jugendlichen und erwachsenen computerkursteilnehmern.|rechtsschutz der computersoftware - grundfragen der gesellschaftsrechtlichen auseinandersetzung.|nichttheoreme: eine logische untersuchung unter verwendung von tableauerzeugungen und reduktionsklassen.|adaptive bandwidth management for atm based broadband networks.|ansätze für ein controlling zur sicherung einer erfolgreichen standardsoftwareeinführung.|aktuelle probleme des § 263a stgb.|der internationale markt für online-datenbanken.|wiederverwendung fördernde dokumentation objektorientierter anwendungsentwicklung am beispiel eines liegenschaftsverwaltungssystems.|künstliche-intelligenz-forschung und ihre epistemologischen grundlagen.|künstliche neuronale netze versus ökonometrische und zeitreihenanalytische verfahren zur prognose ökonomischer zeitreihen.|die leistungswirtschaftliche beurteilung von konzepten der entsorgungslogistik.|computer-based education und das problem der vermittlung moralischer urteilsfähigkeit in der betrieblichen ausbildung.|strategisches produktionsmanagement: ein modellsystem zur unterstützung produktionsstrategischer entscheidungen.|datenschutz in der gesetzlichen krankenversicherung: ausgewählte probleme der kodifizierbarkeit rechnergestützter verwaltungstätigkeit unter berücksichtigung der praktischen umsetzbarkeit datenschutzrechtlicher vorschriften im system der gesetzlichen krankenversicherung.|optimale zeitreihenprognose: empir. probleme u. lösungen.|von computerspielen zu lernprogrammen: empirische befunde und folgerungen für die förderung computergestützten lernens.|software-ergonomische bewertung zwischen arbeitsgestaltung und softwareentwicklung.|zugangsberechtigung und besondere sicherung im sinne von § 202a stgb: datensicherung - nicht nur ein juristisches problem.|eine architektur für individualisierte computergestützte lernumgebungen: grundlagen, modularisierung und prototypische realisierung.|veränderungen der kommunikation in der steuerberatung durch den einsatz internetbasierter technologien.|wissensstrukturierung mittels struktur-lege-techniken: eine graphentheoretische analyse von wissensnetzen.|engpasszeitminimierung bei transport-, umlade- und standortproblemen.|edv-gestützte unternehmensführung auf der basis von kennzahlen: die erstellung eines systemkonzeptes für die automobile grossserienfertigung.|evolutionsstrategische modelle bei einstufiger, losweiser produktion: simultane programm-, losgrössen- u. lossequenzplanung mit hilfe d. simulation auf d. basis biolog. evolutionsfaktoren.|pc-gestützte systeme der erfolgslenkung: anwendungsmöglichkeiten u. ausgestaltung für e. qualifizierte unternehmensführng in klein- u. mittelbetrieben.|wissensbasierte systeme zur durchführung statistischer analysen: konzeption u. implementation e. prototypen.|unterstützung der formierung und analyse von virtuellen communities.|ein monetäres liquiditätstheoretisch orientiertes, ökonometrisches vierteljahresmodell der bundesrepublik deutschland.|article usage in english: a computer-based self-teaching programme on the basis of a functional theory of reference.|der technische kundendienst als eigenständiges marketing-objekt: besonderheiten, probleme und gestaltungsmöglichkeiten eines dienstleistungsspezifischen kundendienst-marketing - dargestellt am beispiel der edv-branche.|entwicklung eines intrumentariums zur emissionsprojektion auf der basis des emissionsfaktoransatzes.|massenmedien, kommunikationstechnologie und gesellschaftliche entwicklung in der dritten welt: möglichkeiten u. grenzen von satellitenkommunikation am beispiel indien.|konzeptionelle grundlagen eines logistikinformationssystems: logistikverfahrens- und -kapazitätsoptimierung, dargestellt am beispiel flüssiggas und artverwandte güter.|der einsatz des computers an der schule für körperbehinderte.|strategische kooperationen in der multimediaindustrie: entstehung, evolution und management.|das grundrecht auf informationelle selbstbestimmung anhand der ausgestaltung des datenschutzrechts und der grundrechtsnormen der landesverfassungen.|mitbestimmung bei bildschirmtechnologien.|gruppenarbeit via computer: sozialpsychologisches aspekte eines vergleichs zwischen direkter kommunikation und computerkonferenz.|die these von church: zur erkenntnistheoretischen und sprachphilosophischen bedeutung der rekursionstheorie.|dv-gestützte führungsinformationssysteme: konzeptionelle anforderungen und gestaltungsmöglichkeiten.|exploratives agieren: ein beitrag zur ergonomischen gestaltung interaktiver systeme.|ofs - ein objektorientiertes entwicklungssystem für graphische benutzungsschnittstellen.|lineare fuzzy-modelle zur unterstützung der investitionsentscheidung: modellierung u. lösung von investitionsproblemen mittels d. theorie unscharfer mengen.|computer und informatisierung der gesellschaft: sozialethische überlegungen zur dritten phase der industriellen revolution.|programmieren mit style: über die systematische entwicklung von programmierumgebungen.|zur anwendbarkeit des §156 bgb sowie zur inhaltskontrolle bei privaten online-auktionen.|computergestützte aktivierungsmessung in der marketingforschung: entwicklung e. computerprogramms zur erfassung elektrodermaler daten u. zur marketingorientierten auswertung unter bes. berücks. von werbespots.|entwicklung und effektivität von cbt im rahmen der betrieblichen weiterbildung.|unified memory management system.|dialog-gesteuerte regelsysteme: definition, eigenschaften und anwendungen.|learning to become a professional in a textually mediated world: a text-oriented study of placement practices.|gesellschaftliche auswirkungen und folgen der informations- und kommunikations-technologien: eine untersuchung über die darstellung in schulbüchern des politischen unterrichts.|entwicklung und bewertung einer computergestützten entscheidungshilfe.|zeitkostenminimale einsatz- und leersteuerungsverfahren in mehraufzugsystemen: e. simulationsstudie zur anwendung von standortoptimierungsmodellen in mobilen bedienungssystemen.|benutzerfreundlichkeit von mehrdienste-endgeräten: eine empirische untersuchung zum einfluss von neuen bedienkonzepten und mentalen modellen.|agenten in globalen informationsräumen.|grundlagen offener sprachen.|fehlerlinguistik und computerunterstützte fremdsprachenerwerbsforschung: ein beitrag zur genuskompetenz im spanischen.|dezentralisierung der automatisierten datenverarbeitung als entscheidungsproblem: e. anwendungsorientiertes konzept zur organisationsbezogenen gestaltung von adv-systemen.|computergestützte betriebliche weiterbildung in offenen kommunikationssystemen.|entscheidungsunterstützung bei mehrfachen zielen durch freie algorithmenwahl im computerdialog: realisierung u. experimentelle analyse.|physiklernen und handeln von schülern in estland und in deutschland: eine empirische untersuchung zu zwei unterschiedlichen unterrichtskonzepten im bereich von energie und energieversorgung mit den methoden concept mapping und computersimulation.|linguistisches wissen im wechselspiel von regel, inventar und heuristik beim einsatz digitaler rechner für die untersuchung von texten, insbesondere bei der analyse deutscher nominalkomposita.|technik und konstruktionshandeln: eine sozialwissenschaftliche studie zum sozialen prozess der technik.|kooperative gestaltung in partizipativen softwareprojekten.|input-output-modellgenerator: inhalt u. konzeption.|unternehmensstrategien, innovationsprozesse und wettbewerb in der computer-industrie: eine empirische analyse des pc-marktes.|russische internet-terminologie unter vergleichender berücksichtigung des französischen und des deutschen: mit einem lexikographischen teil d - r/r - d und d - f/f - d.|verarbeitung und repräsentation musikalischer strukturen mit methoden der künstlichen intelligenz: entwurf und implementation eines computergestützten repräsentationsmodells musikalischer wahrnehmung.|die umsetzung der eg-datenschutzrichtlinie im nicht-öffentlichen bereich: möglichkeit einer zukunftsorientierten konzeption des datenschutzes in der privatwirtschaft unter besonderer berücksichtigung des bdsg.|konzeption und realisierung multimedialer kataloge.|die absatzwege der baumwollindustrie in den 80er [achtziger] jahren: e. delphi-prognose.|tableau, tableauresolution und tableaugraphresolution: ein neuer weg zur automatischen deduktion.|schriftspracherwerb funktionaler analphabeten: lernprozesse erwachsener unter berücksichtigung des computereinsatzes.|ertragsbesteuerung der internetprovider.|technologische und institutionelle aspekte bei der bereitstellung von informationsverarbeitungsleistungen.|client-server-architekturen: architekturmodelle für eine neue informationstechnische infrastruktur.|informationsmodellierung unter nutzung von referenzmodellen: die nutzung von referenzmodellen zur implementierung industriebetrieblicher informationssysteme.|objektorientierte simulation und genetische algorithmen zur produktionsplanung und -steuerung.|computer-assisted learning: toward the development and use of quality courseware.|der entscheidungsprozess bei der beschaffung innovativer software: dargestellt am beispiel von case-software.|lokalisierbarkeit von user-interface-strings.|erwerb von regelwissen mit visuellen hilfen: das semantikwissen für eine graphische funktionale programmiersprache.|computerbasiertes training als instrument der personalentwicklung: eine exemplarische analyse für die kreditwirtschaft.|controlling-informationssystem für den auslandsbereich einer internationalen bankunternehmung.|maschinenexperten - expertenmaschinen: expertensysteme in der kommerziellen praxis ; systemunterstütze diagnose- und problemlösungsverfahren mit expertensystemen in der kommerziellen praxis am beispiel des sap-systems r/3.|analyse der betriebswirtschaftlichen effizienz einer computergestützten fertigungssteuerung mit caposs-e: in e. maschinenbauunternehmen mit einzel- u. kleinserienfertigung.|internetgeld und wettbewerbliche geld- und währungsordnungen.|entwicklung eines decision-support-systems für die sortiments- und distributionsplanunung in grosshandelsunternehmen.|(un)ordnung im gestaltungsprozess menschengerechter software.|statistische methoden der ursachenforschung unter verwendung linearer kausalmodelle.|set theory objects: abstractions for computer-aided analysis and composition of serial and atonal music.|integrationsmanagement: dargestellt am beispiel des computer integrated manufacturing (cim) in der deutschen automobilindustrie.|erwartungsgeleitete sprachverarbeitung: computersimulierungen von verstehensprozessen.|studies in authorship recognition: a corpus-based approach.|controlling verteilter informationssysteme: client/server-architekturen.|anwendung empirischer bayes-verfahren in der statistischen prozessregelung.|realität und versprechen von führungsunterstützungssystemen.|entwurf und implementierung eines prozessorientierten simulationssystems unter besonderer berücksichtigung der rechenzeit.|wissenschaftliche beratung der politik, dargestellt am beispiel von ipeks: integriertes planungs-, entscheidungs- u. kontrollsystem für e. landesregierung.|ökonomisch-ökologische hausmüllentsorgung: eine computersimulation zur entscheidungsunterstützung bei der problemlösung im zweckverband abfallwirtschaft rhein-neckar.|moderne informationsverarbeitung - strafrechtlicher schutz bei missbrauch?|methoden und werkzeuge zur sollkonzeptentwicklung edv-gestützter dispositionssysteme.|abweichungsinduzierte entscheidungsfindung zur steuerung von software-entwicklungsprojekten.|computergestützte warenkorbanalyse: dargestellt auf der grundlage von scanningdaten des lebensmitteleinzelhandels unter besonderer berücksichtigung einer selbsterstellten analysesoftware.|quality of service support in an ip-atm environment.|multimedia in der softwareschulung: eine studie zur effektivität.|client-server-architekturen: konzepte und bedeutung.|datenerhebung und -verarbeitung bei den sicherheitsbehörden unter berücksichtigung einer neuen übermittlungskonzeption.|entwicklung und beurteilung von aggregationsstrategien für lineare entscheidungsmodelle.|realisierung eines logistikberater-arbeitsplatzes für das frachtkostencontrolling mit wissensbasierten elementen.|über die informationsgesellschaft und ihre pädagogik.|entwurf computergestützter tabellenkalkulationen.|die haftung des softwareherstellers im hinblick auf das prodhaftg.|zur etablierung der privaten computerhandhabung: eine grundlagenstudie am fall der computerbenutzung jugendlicher.|psychosoziale implikationen der computertechnologie: empirische untersuchung von korrelaten studienbezogener computernutzung.|adv-gestützte finanzplanung und finanzkontrolle: e. systementwurf für mittelständ. unternehmungen.|dynamische ressourcenallokation in verteilten systemen: eine vergleichende analyse von koordinationsmechanismen.|wirtschaftliche und humanitäre auswirkungen des einsatzes moderner telekommunikations-technik: eine empirische untersuchung am teilweise formalisierbaren arbeitsplatz in mittleren und grossen privatunternehmen.|software in der zwangsvollstreckung.|angestellte und datenverarbeitung: e. längsschnittanalyt. betrachtung von einstellungen zur edv u. arbeitszufriedenheit von angestellten vor, während u. nach d. konfrontation mit d. edv.|informationsverarbeitung und künstliche intelligenz: eine analyse der grundlagen der modernen denk- und gedächtnispsychologie.|strategisches management der unternehmensressource wissen: inhaltliche ansatzpunkte und überlegungen zu einem konzeptionellen gestaltungsrahmen.|management von zeit- und kapazitätsstrategien im markt für dram-speicherbauelemente.|a gb related parser for norwegian.|einsatzwirkungen integrierter standardsoftware zur produktionsplanung und -steuerung in kleinen und mittleren unternehmen: e. empir. unters.|managing business networks: an inquiry into managerial knowledge in the multimedia industry.|reduktion von simulationsmodellen zur simulationsbasierten optimierung in der termin- und kapazitätsplanung.|netrass: un système graphique pour l'analyse de la fiabilité des réseaux non orientés assistée par l'ordinateur / cung binh duyet.|ökonomie von standards: wettbewerbsaspekte von kompatibilitäts-standards dargestellt am beispiel der computerindustrie.|holismus und elementarismus in der systemtheorie.|investitions- und steuerplanung mit systemsimulation.|wirtschaftlichkeitsanalysen von pc-infrastrukturen als aufgabe des is-controlling.|diskriminanzanalyse und künstliche neuronale netze zur klassifizierung von jahresabschlüssen: eine empirischer vergleich.|interaktive melodieanalyse: methodik und anwendung computergestützter analyseverfahren in musikethnologie und volksliedforschung: typologiche untersuchung der balladenforschung des dva.|methodische und softwaretechnische unterstützung global verteilter softwareentwicklung bei mittelständischen unternehmen.|flexibilisierung der arbeitsorganisation und informatik-produktion: begriffe, strategien, erfahrungskontexte ; eine exploration am beispiel eines transnationalen edv-konzerns im nationalen kontext italiens.|communicating corporate ethics on the world wide web: a discourse analysis of selected company web sites.|datenverarbeitungsberufe im wandel: industrie- und berufssoziologische untersuchung zu entwicklungstrends und perspektiven in der datenverarbeitung und dem zugehörigen berufsfeld.|wettbewerbsvorteil durch personalcomputer - ein konzept für den strategischen pc-einsatz in kleinbetrieben.|hiprofit: ein konzept zur unterstützung der hierarchischen produktionsplanung mittels fuzzy-clusteranalysen und unscharfer lp-tools.|organisation kommunaler adv: strukturen, aufgabenerfüllung, mitarbeitergerechtigkeit am beispiel niedersachsens u. schleswig-holsteins.|eine simulationsstudie zum problem der fahrzeugeinsatz- und fahrzeugleersteuerung in taxisystemen: dargest. am beispiel d. taxisystems münster.|das internet und die klassischen medien: konvergenz - konkurrenz oder komplementierung? ; eine medienpolitische betrachtung.|semantische repräsentationen im maschinellen übersetzungssystem mils.|vergleich von multivariaten statistischen analyseverfahren und künstlichen neuronalen netzen zur klassifikation bei entscheidungsproblemen in der wirtschaft.|analyse und simulation des kaufverhaltens auf konsumgütermärkten: konzeption eines modell- und wissensorientierten systems zur auswertung von paneldaten.|von star wars, ultima und doom: mythologisch verschleierte gewaltmechanismen im kommerziellen film und in computerrollenspielen.|individuelles entscheiden in sequentiellen konfliktspielen: e. theoret. u. experimentelle unters. zum entscheidungsprozess im prisoner's dilemma game u. chicken game unter berücksichtigung d. konfliktmatrix erfahrung u.d. motivationalen orientierungen d. spieler.|konzipierung und realisierung einer unterstützung des kombinierten einsatzes von methoden bei der positionierungsanalyse.|techniken des prozessmanagements in der informationssystementwicklung.|phänomene des verhandlungsverhaltens im 5-personen-apex-spiel: eine systematische analyse der auswirkung unterschiedlicher kommunikationsbedingungen auf verhandlungsablauf und endergebnisse bei kommunikation über terminals.|un-kaufrecht und e-commerce: problembereiche bei der anwendung des wiener übereinkommens auf internet-verträge.|persönlichkeitsschutz in der informationsgesellschaft: zugleich ein beitrag zum entwicklungsstand des allgemeinen persönlichkeitsrechts.|entwurf eines integrierten informations-, verwaltungs- und retrieval-systems für textuelle daten.|europäisierung des wettbewerbsrechts durch den elektronischen handel.|wiederverwendung im objektorientierten softwareentwicklungsprozess: dargestellt am beispiel der entwicklung eines lagerlogistiksystems.|die auswirkungen der computertechnologie auf das politische system: unters. an hand d. gesetzgebungsprozesses zur rentenreform 1985.|entscheidungsorganisation: versuch e. integration von elementen d. organisation, d. edv u.d. rechnungswesens unter wiss.-theoret. aspekten.|methodik und realisiation von systemen zur effizienten wissensvermittlung durch hypermedia.|dualitätstheorie als methodischer ansatz mikroökonomischer theorien.|computer und verbale daten: chancen zur innovation sozialwiss. forschungstechniken.|wissensbasierte diagnose von industrieunternehmen: modellkonzeption und empirische fundierung.|entwicklung, implementierung und evaluation eines computerunterstützten lernsystems zur verbesserung der partizipativen arbeitszeitflexibilisierung im rahmen der betrieblichen weiterbildung.|planung und einführung von online-systemen zum unternehmensübergreifenden informationsaustausch.|entwicklung emissionsorientierter methoden zur abstimmung von stoff- und energieströmen auf der basis von fuzzyfizierten expertensystemen, neuronalen netzen und neuro-fuzzy-ansätzen: dargestellt am anwendungsbeispiel der produktionssteuerung in einer färberei der textilindustrie.|die nachfrage und das angebot von externen informationen zu unternehmensstrategien in einem online-informationssystem: entscheidungsorientierte analyse am beispiel des europäischen binnenmarktes, anforderungen und konzepte.|schwache signale und künstliche intelligenz im strategischen issue management.
language technology for cultural heritage,adapting nlp tools and frame-semantic resources for the semantic analysis of ritual descriptions.
language, games, and evolution,language, games, and evolution - trends in current research on language and game theory|language, games, and evolution: an introduction.|the role of speaker beliefs in determining accent placement.
large-scale visual geo-localization,a real-world system for image/video geo-localization.
latency and distortion of electromagnetic trackers for augmented reality systems,latency and distortion of electromagnetic trackers for augmented reality systems
latent semantic mapping,latent semantic mapping: principles & applications
layout techniques for mosfets,layout techniques for mosfets
lbl technical report,random sampling from databases
learning and decision-making from rank data,learning and decision-making from rank data
learning classifier systems in data mining,xcs for fusing multi-spectral data in automatic target recognition.|data mining in proteomics with learning classifier systems.|distributed learning classifier systems.
learning in communities,local groups online: political learning and participation.
learning programming using matlab,learning programming using matlab
learning structure and schemas from documents,mining biomedical text towards building a quantitative food-disease-gene network.
learning to rank for information retrieval and natural language processing, second edition,learning to rank for information retrieval and natural language processing, second edition
learning with support vector machines,learning with support vector machines
lectures on financial mathematics: discrete asset pricing,lectures on financial mathematics: discrete asset pricing
lectures on runtime verification,specification-based monitoring of cyber-physical systems: a survey on theory, tools and applications.
lehrstuhl für verkehrstechnik, techn. univ. münchen,netzweite lichtsignalsteuerung auf basis rekurrenter neuronaler netze.
leibniz: what kind of rationalist?,what is the foundation of knowledge? leibniz and the amphibology of intuition.|authenticity or autonomy? leibniz and kant on practical rationality.|convergence or genealogy? leibniz and the spectre of pagan rationality.|leibniz on natural law in the nouveaux essais.|contingent propositions and leibniz's analysis of juridical dispositions.|causa sive ratio. univocity of reason and plurality of causes in leibniz.|leibniz: what kind of legal rationalism?|for a history of leibniz's principle of sufficient reason. first formulations and their historical background.|ramus and leibniz on analysis.|leibniz's rationality: divine intelligibility and human intelligibility.|symbolic inventiveness and "irrationalist" practices in leibniz's mathematics.|leibniz's models of rational decision.|the art of mathematical rationality.|innate ideas as the cornerstone of rationalism: the problem of moral principles in leibniz's nouveaux essais.|locke, leibniz, and hume on form and experience.|apology for a credo maximum: on three basic rules in leibniz's method of religious controversy.|leibniz's two-pronged dialectic.|de abstracto et concreto: rationalism and empirical science in leibniz.|"paroles entièrement destituées de sens". pathic reason in the théodicée.|the specimen demonstrationum politicarum pro eligendo rege polonorum: from the concatenation of demonstrations to a decision appraisal procedure.|the place of the other in leibniz's rationalism.|leibniz's rationalism: a plea against equating soft and strong rationality.|declarative vs. procedural rules for religious controversy: leibniz's rational approach to~heresy.|on two argumentative uses of the notion of uncertainty in law in leibniz's juridical dissertations about conditions.|leibniz against the unreasonable newtonian physics.|leibniz on creation: a contribution to his philosophical theology.|some hermetic aspects of leibniz's mathematical rationalism.|leibniz and moral rationality.|the role of metaphor in leibniz's epistemology.|introduction.|the authority of the bible and the authority of reason in leibniz's ecumenical argument.|leibniz's conception of natural explanation.|morality and feeling: genesis and determination of the will in leibniz.
les relations spatiales,fsro : une ontologie de relations spatiales floues pour l'interprétation d'images.|sélection aléatoire d'espaces de représentation pour la décision binaire en environnement non-stationnaire: application à la segmentation d'images texturées.|les relations spatiales : de la modélisation à la mise en oeuvre|synthèse sur les modèles de représentation des relations spatiales dans les images symboliques.
leske und budrich,büro. computer. geschlechterhierarchie: frauenförderliche arbeitsgestaltung im schreibbereich.
leuchtturm-verlag,künstliche intelligenz, expertensysteme und die folgen.
libraries and the semantic web,libraries and the semantic web
library linked data in the cloud: oclc's experiments with new models of resource description,library linked data in the cloud: oclc's experiments with new models of resource description
libri books on demand,non-cooperative byzantine failures: a new framework for the design of efficient fault tolerance protocols.|qualitätsgesicherte effiziente entwicklung vorwärtsgerichteter künstlicher neuronaler netze mit überwachtem lernen (queen).
libris books on demand,responsivität: ein konsensbasierter ansatz.
life-like characters,galatea: open-source software for developing anthropomorphic spoken dialog agents.
lifelong machine learning,lifelong machine learning, second edition
light field sampling,light field sampling
lincom europa,formaler entwurf effizienter authentisierungsprotokolle mit schlüsselabsprache.|lexical semantic information in head driven phrase structure grammar and natural language processing: retrieval of lexical semantic information from cobuild style dictionaries.
lincom gmbh,informationsextraktion aus wirtschaftsnachrichten über unternehmenszusammenschlüsse mit lokalen grammatiken.
linde,kundenindividuelle fertigung: moderne techniken und organisationsformen zur produktionsplanung und -steuerung.
linguistic fundamentals for natural language processing: 100 essentials from morphology and syntax,linguistic fundamentals for natural language processing: 100 essentials from morphology and syntax
linkage in evolutionary computation,linkage learning accuracy in the bayesian optimization algorithm.
linked open data,knowledge base creation, enrichment and repair.
lit,load measurements and modeling for distributed multimedia applications in high speed networks.|formale spezifikation und leistungsbewertung von vielfachzugriffsprotokollen in mobilfunknetzen.|das verhältnis zwischen herkunftslandprinzip und internationalem privatrecht in der richtlinie zum elektronischen geschäftsverkehr.|warenwirtschaftssysteme im textileinzelhandel: konzeptionelle ansätze zur gestaltung warenwirtschaftlicher informationssysteme unter besonderer berücksichtigung der einkaufsplanung.|innovationen durch bürokommunikationstechnologie: voraussetzungen und möglichkeiten für eine innovationsorientierte gestaltung von bürokommunikationssystemen.|der anspruch auf domain-übertragung: nach bürgerlichem recht, markenrecht und patentrecht.|sample-computer und das recht der musik.|künstliche intelligenz und kommunikaton: delphi-studie zur technikfolgenabschätzung des einsatzes von künstlicher intelligenz auf kommunikation, medien und gesellschaft.|standort und arbeitsprozess: arbeitsveränderungen durch cad in multistandörtlichen unternehmen.|literate systemadministration.|elektronische medien in kreditinstituten.|computergestützte inhaltsanalyse mit intext.|der rechtsschutz von computerprogrammen in großbritannien: copyright law and patent law.|making apl readable: a new direction for design.|neue instrumente des datenschutzrechts für das verhältnis zwischen privatperson und unternehmen in der bundesrepublik deutschland und den vereinigten staaten von amerika.|sind hyperlinks rechtmäßig?: das setzen von hyperlinks aus urheber- und wettbewerbsrechtlicher sicht.|wenn die welt ins dorf kommt: verdrängung direkt-menschlicher kommunikation durch technische und massenmedien am beispiel eines dorfes.|computer im rathaus: was dem ziel von mehr bürgerfreundlichkeit durch verwaltungsautomation insbesondere in kleinstädten entgegensteht ; ein beitrag zur sozialverträglichkeits-forschung am beispiel der stadt olfen, westfalen.|individualisierbare statistische software oder warum statistische expertensysteme nicht das ende des weges auf der suche nach "intelligenterer" statistischer software markieren.|analyse von paket-funknetzen mit leistungssteuerung.|ein biomechanisches modell auf basis von individuellen anthropometrischen daten für das bewegungslernen von flugphasen bei sportlichen bewegungsabläufen.|ungewissheit und planungsmethodik: probleme d. anwendung d. theorie d. gewinnvorbehalts.|telematik: d. funktionswandel d. telekommunikations-infrastruktur u.d. instrumentalisierung d. dt. bundespost für innovationsstrategien.|analyse von paket-funknetzen mit zufalls-zugriffsprotokollen.|sensitivitätsanalyse bezüglich der änderung der dominanzstruktur bei linearen vektormaximumproblemen.|computergestützte produkttests.|anreize zur informationsabgabe: entwicklung eines anreizsystems zur steigerung der abgabebereitschaft von informationen im informationssystem der unternehmung.|der computer als medium im religionsunterricht: ein fachdidaktischer beitrag zur mediendidaktik im zeitalter von multimedia.|die neuen möglichkeiten des einsatzes von informations- und kommunikationstechnologien in behörden als herausforderung für die kommunale verwaltungsführung: problemfelder, entwicklungslinien und perspektiven.|betriebswirtschaftliche expertensysteme: wunsch und wirklichkeit.|computergestützte befragungssysteme bei der datenerhebung und ihr praktischer einsatz in der bundesrepublik deutschland.|computer als sozialisationsfaktor: der einfluß des computers auf die kindliche sozialisation im familialen kontext.|ein quittierungsverfahren für multi-hop-paketfunknetze.|das programmsystem rentop zur optimierung des bondmanagements.|personalcomputer als instrument der haushaltsführung privater haushalte: nutzungsmöglichkeiten und akzeptanz.|datenschutz als aufgabe der eg: bestandsaufnahme des datenschutzspezifischen sekundärrechts und analyse anhand der kompetenzordnung des eg-vertrages.|telearbeit in der beruflich-sozialen rehabilitation von menschen mit behinderungen.
local binary patterns,thermal face recognition in unconstrained environments using histograms of lbp features.|histogram-tensorial gaussian representations and its applications to facial analysis.|ensemble of local phase quantization variants with ternary encoding.|local binary patterns: new variants and applications|introduction to local binary patterns: new variants and applications.
location based services and telecartography,mobile city explorer: an innovative gps and camera phone based travel assistant for city tourists.
location systems,location systems: an introduction to the technology behind location awareness
logic and the modalities in the twentieth century,a.n. prior's logic.|modern temporal logic: the philosophical background.|the gamut of dynamic logics.|preface.|epistemic logic.
logic from russell to church,jacques herbrand: life, logic, and automated deduction.
logic, epistemology, and the unity of science,theories of knowledge and ignorance.|belief contraction, anti-formulae and resource overdraft: part ii deletion in resource unbounded logics.|logic of dynamics and dynamics of logic: some paradigm examples.
logic, thought and action,on the usefulness of paraconsistent logic.|algorithms for relevant logic.
logic: a history of its central concepts,preface.|a history of types*.
logics and languages for reliability and security,logics and languages for reliability and security|implicit flows in malicious and nonmalicious code.
logos,verbreitung und durchdringung von business-to-business-technologien: interaktive formulare als alternative technologie zur unterstützung des informationsaustauschs zwischen unternehmen.|inclusion of pattern languages and related problems.|codierte multiträgerverfahren für powerline- und mobilfunkanwendungen.|ein allgemeiner ansatz zur metadaten-verwaltung.|inductively coupled microsensor networks: relay enabled cooperative communication and localization.|a functional, comprehensive and extensible multi-platform querying and transformation approach.|qualitätsgetriebene datenproduktionssteuerung in echtzeit-data-warehouse-systemen.|zugänglichkeit virtueller klassenzimmer für blinde.|objektorientierte parallele ein-/ausgabe auf höchstleistungsrechnern.|struktur- und verhaltensbasierte entwurfsmustererkennung.|kleene-schützenberger and büchi theorems for weighted timed automata.|bringing zero-knowledge proofs of knowledge to practice.|interactive approaches to video lecture assessment.|an valuation methodology and framework for semantic web services technology.|robust situation awareness in tactical mobile ad hoc networks.|anwendung wahrscheinlichkeitstheoretischer methoden in der linguistischen informationsverarbeitung.|planar-integrierte photonische mikrosysteme zur parallelen optischen kommunikation in der informationstechnik von morgen.|automatische konfiguration der bewegungssteuerung von industrierobotern.|a generative approach to virtual museums using a new metadata format: a curators', visitors' and software engineers' perspective.|verbesserung des entwurfs von soa serviceschnittstellen mit hilfe von erfahrungen und heuristiken.|binaural technology for virtual reality.|appearance based statistical object recognition including color and context modeling.|methoden zur teilautomatischen konstruktion von ist-prozessmodellen mittels process mining sowie zur integration manuell konstruierter und automatisch generierter ist-prozessmodelle.
logos verlag,on distributed and cooperative control design for networks of dynamical systems.|verständlichkeit grafischer geschäftsprozessmodelle: ein beitrag zur theorieentwicklung auf der grundlage von stylized facts und gestaltungsempfehlungen für die prozessmodellierung.|future mobile communication: from cooperative cells to the post-cellular relay carpet.|distributed h∞ state estimation with applications to multi-agent coordination.|content-based microscopic image analysis.|verbesserung des requirements engineering mit hilfe von videos und informationsflüssen.|pedestrian detection algorithms using shearlets.|being forgotten on the internet: how temporal contextual integrity can protect online reputation.|stereo vision for facet type cameras.|object representation and matching based on skeletons and curves.|system support for security and privacy in pervasive computing.|heuristische und wissensbasierte sicherheitsprüfung von softwareentwicklungsartefakten basierend auf natürlichsprachlichen informationen / von dipl.-inform. stefan gärtner.
logos verlag berlin,universal smart grid agent for distributed power generation management.|referenzmodell eines ökologisch adaptierten it-service-managements: anforderungsanalyse, konzeption und evaluation.|computergestützte informationsbeschaffung und -verwaltung aus wissenschaftlichen dokumenten = computer-aided information retrieval and management system from scientific documents.|analyse der zusammenarbeit in softwareprojekten mittels informationsflüssen und interaktionen in meetings.|gütekriterien diktionärsbasierter textanalysen zur erfassung domänenspezifischer kommunikationsinhalte.|measuring, modelling and minimizing perceived motion incongruence for vehicle motion simulation.|problemlösen bei der programmierung von speicherprogrammierbaren steuerungen in komplexen automatisierten systemen.
logos verlag berlin gmbh,fault-tolerant control of deterministic input/output automata.|kontrollflussanalyse und formale begriffsanalyse von c-code aus software-produktlinien mit variabilitätsmanagement durch den präprozessor.|an assessment model to foster the adoption of agile software product lines in the automotive domain.|automatic assessment of prosody in second language learning = automatische bewertung von prosodie beim fremdsprachenlernen.|improving the software testing skills of novices during onboarding through social transparency.|rssi-based environment monitoring and accurate event detection.|kontextbezug und authentizität in sozialen netzen.|machine learning in advanced driver-assistance systems.|human activity analysis in visual surveillance and healthcare.|form- und topologieoptimierung mittels evolutionärer algorithmen und heuristischer strategien.|time of arrival based infrastructureless human posture capturing system.|3d trajectory extraction from 2d videos for human activity analysis.|analysis of speech of people with parkinson's disease.|systemintegrierte analyse konkurrierender energieversorgungsoptionen auf kommunaler ebene: ein modellbasierter ansatz.|self-organizing control of networked systems.|management and scheduling of accelerators for heterogeneous high-performance computing.|empirical research towards a relevance assessment of software clones.
logos-verlag,exakte verdrahtung mit symbolischen methoden.|analyse und visualisierung dynamischer kernspintomographischer bildserien.|entwurf und implementierung von wissensquellen für die textplanung: eine modulare architektur.|multikamerabasierte poseschätzung von menschen.|dienstgüte- und ressourcenmanagement in verteilten multimedia-systemen.|load balancing strategies for data parallel applications.|a distributed virtual reality system for spatial updating: concepts, implementation, and experiments.|entwurf, implementierung und evaluierung des interaktiven lehr- und lernsystems viacobi für die visualisierung von algorithmen der computergraphik und bildverarbeitung.|stereoskopische objektvermessung zur visuellen robotersteuerung: ein biologisch motiviertes sehkonzept für intelligente robotersysteme.|verteilte hierarchische hyper-tgraphen: definition und implementation eines ausdrucksstarken graphenkonzepts.|schnelle datenübertragung auf einer neuartigen kfz-bordnetzstruktur.|untersuchungen zur effizienten kommunikation in komponentenbasierten client-server-systemen.|content-management-anwendungen: spezifikation von internet-anwendungen auf basis von content-management-systemen.|zeitbegriffe und zeitcodierungen in allgemeinbibliographischen datenbanken: analyse von rswk, lcsh und rameau sowie entwicklung eines theoretischen modells für ein zeitretrieval.|fallstudien relationaler programmentwicklung am beispiel ausgewählter graphdurchlaufstrategien.|integrated stochastic models for spontaneous speech recognition.|the disconnection calculus.|effiziente erkennung ostasiatischer schriftzeichen.|implicit shared memory multiprocessor support for the functional programming language sac - single assignment c.|formal software development using generic development steps.|pretty good anonymity: achieving high performance anonymity services with a single node architecture.|dynamische grammatiken.|geographische informationssysteme und neue digitale medien in der landschaftsplanung.|kommunikation und synchronisation in einer verteilten lehrumgebung.|empirisch basierte qualitätsverbesserung: systematischer einsatz externer experimente im software engineering.|automatic design error correction of combinational circuits.|ansichtenauswahl für die 3-d-rekonstruktion statischer szenen.|parallele ausführung von prolog-programmen auf transputer-systemen.|parallele wissensbasierte bilderkennung.|output-based control and scheduling of resource-constrained processes.|erkennung von falsch-positiven softwareklonen mittels lernverfahren.|understanding and manipulating eye height to change the user's experience of perceived space in virtual reality.|analyse und verbesserung verschiedener bildrekonstruktions- und filtermethoden insbesondere für deren applikation im bereich der positronen-emissions-computertomographie.|invariant features and enhanced speaker normalization for automatic speech recognition.|ubiquitous navigation: skalierbare ortsbezogene dienste in gebäuden.|electronic mircowave imaging with planar multistatic arrays.|optimierung von simd-programmen auf verteilten systemen.|analytische modellierung und bewertung von prozessoren in eingebetteten systemen.|proaktives datenqualitätsmanagement in data-warehouse-systemen: qualitätsplanung und qualitätslenkung.|parallel monte-carlo tree search for hpc systems and its application to computer go.|techniken zur modellierung und verifikation von echtzeitsystemen.|transformationsbasierte methoden zur unterstützung der mensch-computer-mensch-interaktion: koordination nebenläufiger interaktion und undo in cscw-systemen.|informationsmanagement in der kreditwirtschaft: rahmenbedingungen, konzepte und instrumentarien zur gestaltung der informationsprozesse in banken.|new solutions for an old challenge: chances and limitations of optical, non-invasive acquisition and digital processing techniques for the age estimation of latent fingerprints.|universal traceability: a comprehensive, generic, technology-independent, and semantically rich approach.|erwerb und koordination von verhalten für visuomotorische systeme in realen umgebungen mittels reinforcement lernen.|optimierungskriterien des unüberwachten lernens in neuronaler architektur.|magic-set-transformation in deduktiven objektorientierten datenbanksprachen.|independent component analysis of biomedical signals: modern data analysis techniques can assist medical decision making.|prosodisch-linguistische klassifikation von emotion.|integration mobiler und aktiver datenbankmechanismen als basis für die ortsgebundene vorgangsbearbeitung.|zwischenbildinterpolation zur erhöhung der bildgenerierrate in visuellen interaktiven simulationsumgebungen: neue algorithmen und verbesserung bestehender methoden.|marken- und wettbewerbsrechtliche probleme bei suchmaschinen.|on recognition of group of human beings in images with navigation strategies: using efficient matching algorithms with parallelization.|automatische internet-katalogisierung mit hilfe des hierarchischen radius-basierten competitive learnings.|exact algorithms for constraint satisfaction problems.|methoden der dokumenten-allokation zur rechnergestützen asynchronen zusammenarbeit bei eingeschränkter kommunikation.|representations, hierarchies and graphs of institutions.|linguistisches wissen zur automatischen lexikon-akquisition aus deutschen textcorpora.|farbkonstanz, segmentierung, klassifikation: ein gesamtsystem zur effizienten farbbildanalyse in einer robot-vision-applikation.|ein wissensbasiertes simulations- und lernsystem für diagnostisches handeln und problemlösen.|analysis of real-world security protocols in a universal composability framework.|kostenbasierte konfigurierung für programme und sw-architekturen.|processing xml in ldap and its application to caching.|multimedia-metacomputing in web-basierten multimedialen informationssystemen.|computer assisted mnemonic strategy acquisition and tailored memory training approaches: a study with brain injured individuals.|zur anwendung neuronaler netzwerke in adaptiven flugregelungssystemen.|a fast platform for interactive e-learning systems.|insight: ein virtuelles labor für entwurf, test und analyse von autonomen agenten.|informationstheoretische betrachtungen zur visuellen informationsverarbeitung im gehirn: independent component analysis und die statistik von bildern aus der umwelt des menschen.|partielles robustes parsing spontansprachlicher dialoge am beispiel von zugauskunftsdialogen.|temporale realzeitverifikation.|the synergetic approach towards analysing and controlling the collective phenomena in multi-agent systems.|elektronische medieninnovationen: zum erfolg und scheitern medienkultureller alternativprojekte der 70er, 80er und 90er jahre.|automatisierte neuronale netze zur analyse technischer daten mit dem ziel der qualitätssicherung.|natürlichsprachliche kommunikation mit handelnden systemem.|eine flexible bedien- und anzeigeschnittstelle für erweiterungen in fahrerinformationssystemen.|ein iteratives information-retrieval-verfahren mit automatischer suchmechanismenauswahl.|konzept zur durchgängigen nutzung von engineeringmodellen der automation.|conceptual motorics: generation and evaluation of communicative robot gesture.|domain-specific development of event condition action policies.|object oriented network and systems management in a distributed environment: an approach towards technology independent management of broadband telecommunications networks.|erweiterung der reflexionsmethode zur zusammenfassung von produktarchitekturen zu einer produktlinienarchitektur.|a fully abstract model for sequential computation.|das duplexsystem mit rückwärtsbehebung - ein kombiniert redundantes fehlertoleranzverfahren für verteilte systeme.|formale methoden zur konstruktion eingebetteter software.|ein system zur anwendung von push-konzepten in e-commerce-transaktionen.|adaptive kontrollstrategien für mobile roboter basierend auf organic computing prinzipien.|a precise approach to validating uml models and ocl constraints.|datenkompression für mehrkanalige breitbandige audiosignale.|dienstorientierte fehleranalyse in verteilten systemen.|multi-cue-ansatz für ein dynamisches auffälligkeitssystem zur visuellen personenlokalisation.|transformationale entwurfsraum-exploration für den entwurf eingebetteter systeme.|entwicklung workflowbasierter elearning-dienste für den einsatz an realschulen.|steuerbarkeit behaviororientierter systeme.|the skeleton based parallelization of divide and conquer recursions.|optimale dezentrale steuerung verteilter produktionssysteme.|fluids - ein flexibles system zur mensch-maschine-interaktion.|peer-teaching in videokonferenzen: effekte niedrig und hoch strukturierter kooperationsskripts auf lerndiskurs und lernerfolg.|ein interaktives system zur visualisierung von datenstrukturen: grundlagen, architektur, techniken und werkzeuge.|konzeption und realisierung eines aktiven datenbanksystems: architektur, schnittstellen und werkzeuge.|kraftbasierte dynamische bildregistrierung zur zeitnahen uav-unterstützten kartierung von schadensgebieten.|echtzeitfähige ereignisbehandlung mit hilfe eines mehrfädigen java-mikrocontrollers.|neuronale netzwerke zur objektsegmentierung bei amphibien und eine algorithmische klassifizierung von neuronen.|numerische lösung und modellierung eines inversen problems zur assimilation digitaler bilddaten.|integrierte modellierung von kontroll- und datenfluß.|aspekte der generativen entwicklung von ordbms-basierten datenverwaltungsdiensten.|stakeholder-orientierte modellierung und analyse der unternehmensarchitektur: unter besonderer berücksichtigung der geschäfts- und it-architektur.|ein beitrag zur algebraischen analyse verteilter und ereignisdiskreter systeme.|periodic feedback for linear systems and optimal control of bilinear systems.|posturerkennung starrer und nichtstarrer objekte.|event orientation and secure federation for object lifecycle management.|automatische erzeugung und bewertung virtueller duplexsysteme zur erkennung von betriebsfehlern in mikroprozessoren.|schnelle berechnungen der exponentialfunktion auf hohe genauigkeit.|ghost: ein intelligentes hilfesystem für solaris 2.4.|ein ansatz zur integration von pfadausdrücken in frame-logik.|estimation of motion in consecutive images.|authentifikationsvoraussetzungen für effiziente byzantinische übereinstimmung.|fehlererkennung durch systematische diversität in entwurfsdiversitären zeitredundanten rechensystemen und ihre bewertung mittels fehlerinjektion.|übersetzungsmethoden für strukturprogrammierbare rechner.|architekturentwurf und emulation eingebetteter systeme.|transparente und effiziente nutzung partitionierbarer parallelrechner.|architekturen für komponentenbasierte geographische informationssysteme im internet.|ein echtzeitfähiges dialogsystem mit iterativer ergebnisoptimierung.|objektorientierter hardware-entwurf: modellierung, simulation und synthese.|commonality based information retrieval with a terminological knowledge representation system.|on the ambiguity of erasing morphisms.|mathematics in independent component analysis.|randomized allocation of independent tasks.|extending bpmn with deontic logic.|kausale abhängigkeiten als mittel der spezifikation von schnittstellen-protokollen.|performance and thermal management on self-adaptive hybrid multi-cores.|natürlichsprachliche wissensakquisition für die generierende arbeitsplanung.|kritikerbasierte autorenwerkzeuge für hypertext-lernumgebungen.|anforderungsbeschreibung für groupware-systeme - ein sichtenorientierter ansatz.|deduktive realisierung von vagheit (fuzzyness) mittels einer mehrwertigen logik.|einsatz mobiler agenten zur effizienten nutzung heterogener clustersysteme.|tuft - tübinger fehlertoleranz für nachrichtenaustauschsysteme.|technologies for engineering manufacturing systems control in closed loop.|physically based real-time auralization of interactive virtual environments.|verhaltensgarantien in selbst-organisierenden systemen.|design and programming of reconfigurable mesh based many-cores.|modellierung der unternehmensarchitektur: weiterentwicklung einer bestehenden methode und deren abbildung in einem meta-modellierungswerkzeug.|reaction constraints for the pi-calculus: a language for the stochastic and spatial modeling of cell-biological processes.|quantitative analyse zeit- und ressourcenerweiterter sdl-systeme mit hilfe von zustandsraumexploration und model-checking.|speichereffiziente modellprüfung mit zyklischen binären entscheidungsdiagrammen.|color based object detection and positioning.|hol-csp: mechanised formal devlopment mof concurrent processes.|synchronisationsanalyse zur multi-prozeß-synthese.|lernen in neurocomputern für große pulscodierte neuronale netze.|datenbankkonzepte für das world wide web: eine deduktive objektorientierte sicht.|dynamic semantics negotiation in distributed and evolving software systems: towards automated semantics directed system configuration.|objektorientierte methoden zum automatisierten entwurf von modellbasierten diagnosesystemen.|ein farbbildanalysesystem zur quantifizierung optischer veränderungen auf dekorativen beschichtungen nach freibewitterung.|deep inference and symmetry in classical proofs.|relandxml: a system to manage xml-based course material with object-relational databases.|modeling petri net-based multi-agent applications.|how far can we get with just visual information?: path integration and spatial updating studies in virtual reality.|cobamos: endnutzerprogrammierung auf basis nachrichtenbasierter komponentenvernetzung.|contact networks of mobile agents and spreading dynamics.|strukturbasierte dekomposition von allgemeinen stochastischen petrinetzen (gspn).|analyse it-basierter prozessmodellierungsprojekte hinsichtlich formalisierung und flexibilität.|selbstorganisation einer zeitlichen objektpräsentation.|causal inference from statistical data.|flexible und konfigurierbare software-architekturen für datenintensive ontologiebasierte informationssysteme.|ein kalkül für die formale schaltungssynthese.|modell-basierte verifikation von vernetzten mechatronischen systemen.|das unscharfe paradigma in der modernen bildcodierung.|evolutionäre optimierung von mensch-maschine-schnittstellen.|sicherheitsbasierte testfallpriorisierung.|statistical learning with similarity and dissimilarity functions.|a computational recognition system grounded in perceptual research.|individualisierung statischer und dynamischer rich internet applications unter besonderer berücksichtigung von barrierefreiheit.|wissensbasierte szenenexploration auf der basis erlernter analysestrategien.|architekturen workflow-gestützter pps-systeme: referenzmodelle für die koordination von prozessen der auftragsabwicklung von einzel- und kleinserienfertigern.|planungs- und steuerungssystem für die mikromontage mit mikrorobotern.|thesaurusföderationen: ein rahmenwerk für die flexible integration von heterogenen, autonomen thesauri.|pixel shading pipelines and display hardware.|datenbasierte gesichtsanimation.|design recovery techniques for object oriented software systems.|multilingual speech recognition.|modular ontologies for spatial information.|prototypengestützte objekterkennung auf der basis ortstoleranter konturrepräsentationen.|uniting the social web and topic maps with tele-teaching to provide user-friendly interaction possibilities with e-lectures.|workflow-anwendungen in technischen dienstleistungen: eine referenz-architektur für die koordination von prozessen im gebäude- und anlagenmanagement.|konstruktion und anwendung eines multizweckorientierten hierarchischen metamodellierungswerkzeugs.|partitioned convolution algorithms for real-time auralization.|eine methode zur spezifikation eingebetteter systeme unter verwendung von semantikerweiterungen.|data compression and compressed sensing in imaging mass spectrometry and sporadic communication.|konzeptbildung für die automatische strukturanalyse von nominalkomposita: eine synthese aus statistischen und symbolischen verfahren.|mechanizing the transformation of higher order algebraic specifications for the development of software systems.|formal synthesis of safety controller code for distributed controllers.|free algebras in sfp.|formaler steuerungsentwurf mit modularen diskreten verhaltensmodellen.|die maschinelle übersetzung aufgabenorientierter japanisch-deutscher dialoge: lösungen für translation mismatches.|parallelisierung und optimierung von anfrageplänen im heterogenen verteilten, relationalen datenbanksystem head.|referenznetze.|gonvi: ein constraint-basiertes system für nicht-visuelle interaktion mit dokumenten und grafischen objekten.|integrierte informationssystemarchitekturen in dynamischen kooperationen: entwicklung und implementierung einer architektur zur integration und prozessunterstützung in dynamischen unternehmensnetzwerken.|untersuchungen zur parallelisierung und ausführung von programmen in verschiedenen parallelen speicherarchitekturen.|modellkorrespondenzen für die kontinuierliche entwicklung mediatorbasierter informationssysteme.|modeling and partially coordinated diagnosis of asynchronous discrete-event systems.|automatische optimierung der parameter eines handschriftlesesystems.|softwareentwicklung als expedition: entwicklung eines leitbildes und einer vorgehensweise für die professionelle softwareentwicklung.
logos-verlag, berlin,verteilende verfeinerung: entwurf und verifikation verteilter algorithmen mit petrinetzen.
lohmar, cologne, germany,quadratische kommunikation im netz: gruppeninteraktion und die gestaltung von cscl-systemen.
low substrate temperature modeling outlook of scaled n-mosfet,low substrate temperature modeling outlook of scaled n-mosfet
lung sounds,lung sounds: an advanced signal processing perspective
lying by approximation: the truth about finite element analysis,lying by approximation: the truth about finite element analysis
m und p, verlag für wiss. und forschung,computergestützte gruppenarbeit: die förderung von gruppenentscheidungen durch "group decision support systems".|modellierung von büro-informationssystemen: ein organisationsorientierter ansatz.|unterstützung strategischer entscheidungsprozesse: konzeption und implementation eines computergestützten früherkennungssystems.
m und p, verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,gestaltung von lernenden unternehmen unter einsatz von multimedialen technologien.|erfolgsoptimale kreditwürdigkeitsprüfung auf der basis von jahresabschlüssen und wirtschaftsauskünften mit künstlichen neuronalen netzen.|blick, stimme und (k)ein körper: der einsatz elektronischer medien im theater und in interaktiven installationen.
m. herzog,mathematische modelle und experimente zum perzeptuellen lernen.
machine learning and robot perception,cognitive user modeling computed by a proposed dialogue strategy based on an inductive game theory.
machine learning for computer vision,real-time human pose recognition in parts from single depth images.
machine learning for health informatics,a master pipeline for discovery and validation of biomarkers.
machine learning in document analysis and recognition,review of classifier combination methods.|machine learning for digital document processing: from layout analysis to metadata extraction.|machine learning for signature verification.
machine learning in healthcare informatics,using machine learning to plan rehabilitation for home care clients: beyond "black-box" predictions.
machine learning paradigms,the variability of the reasons for student dropout in distance learning and the prediction of dropout-prone students.
machine learning techniques for multimedia,machine learning techniques for face analysis.
macrotask crowdsourcing,crowdsourcing real-world feedback for human-computer interaction education.
mainz,der computer im unterricht mit geistig behinderten schülerinnen und schülern.|systematischer bordnetzentwurf: optimierung der bordnetzarchitektur mit hilfe von genetischen algorithmen.|elementare dynamische logik und eine boolesche kontextlogik.|semantisches informationsmodell für ein ganzheitliches, rechnergestütztes engineering am beispiel der prozeßleittechnik.|ein datenbankmanagementsystem für verteilte, integrierte software-entwicklungsumgebungen.|qualitätsplanungssystematik auf der basis von hypertext-techniken: ein beitrag zur rechnerunterstützten teamarbeit in der ganzheitlichen qualitätsplanung.|prototypische bewertung und implementierung von neuen paket-datendiensten für das gsm-mobilfunksystem.|zielgerichtete softwaresynthese für den entwurf von datenfluss-orientierten signalverarbeitungssystemen.|visuelles programmieren mit graphtransformationen.|ein beitrag zur zuverlässigkeit von eeprom-zellen für den erweiterten betriebstemperaturbereich.|hybrid digital-analog transmission systems: design and evaluation.|wissensbasierte konfiguration von modellen für informationssysteme.|ein beitrag zu optoelektronischen bussystemen mit optisch parallelen streifenleiterplatten.|textureigenschaften in der digitalen bildkodierung.|voip performance of the relay-enhanced ieee 802.16m wireless broadband system.|architecture modeling of distributed and concurrent software systems.|management of traffic information networks.|skalierbare sprachcodierung auf basis der wavelet-transformation.|auftragsplanung für parallele systeme im mehrbenutzerbetrieb.|modellierung und leistungsbewertung von mobilen satellitensystemen mit dynamischer kanalvergabe.|entwicklung eines sensorgestützten planungs- und programmiersystems für den industrierobotereinsatz in der unikat-, einzel- und kleinserienfertigung.|adaptive schwundgegenmassnahmen in einem tdma-satellitennetz.|entwicklung und leistungsbewertung einer atm-funkschnittstelle.|qualitätssicherungssysteme für die textilindustrie.|teilautomatische generierung von simulationsmodellen aus systemneutral definierten unternehmensdaten am beispiel der integration der materialflusssimulation in die planung von fertigungsanlagen.|computerunterstützte on-line-analyse ischämischer st-t-streckenveränderungen bei instabiler angina pectoris.|ein neuartiger signalsimulator zur entwicklungsunterstützung von prozeßelektronik.|tailor-made scheduling: beitrag zur lösung des reihenfolgeproblems bei werkstattfertigung mittels fuzzy logic.|über die rolle der wissensrepräsentation in einem analogien bildenden system.|community-centered semantics for the detection of fake multimedia.|integration neuronaler vektorquantisierer in ein hidden-markov-modell-basiertes system zur automatischen spracherkennung.|joint dereverberation and noise reduction for binaural hearing aids and mobile phones.|verfahren und algorithmen der robusten synchronisation für die datenübertragung über dispersive schwundkanäle.|verbindungsnetzwerke als permutationsgeneratoren im kryptologischen kontext.|phonetische entscheidungsbäume für die automatische spracherkennung mit großem vokabular.|kommunikationskonzept für die prozeßleittechnik.|grenzen und möglichkeiten einer edv-unterstützung gruppenbezogener planungsarbeit am beispiel bergbaulicher produktionsbetriebe.|automatisierung von kunststoffextrusionsanlagen: sensorfehlererkennung, diagnose, datenreduktion = automation of plastics extrusion lines.
making claims,making claims: knowledge design, capture, and sharing in hci
malware detection,pioneer: verifying code integrity and enforcing untampered code execution on legacy systems.
managing and mining graph data,a survey of algorithms for dense subgraph discovery.|a survey of privacy-preservation of graphs and social networks.
managing complexity,towards a characterization and systematic evaluation framework for theories and models of human, social, behavioral, and cultural processes within agent-based models.
managing event information,managing event information: modeling, retrieval, and applications
managing in the information economy,firms and digital technologies in italy: the network moves forward.
mannhold,probleme der anwendung von operations-research-verfahren in kleinen und mittleren unternehmungen.|erstellung von schulstundenplänen mit dem computer.|die externe bankautomation als entscheidungsproblem der kreditgenossenschaften.
map modern academic publishing,muster und bedeutung. bedeutungskonstitution als kontextuelle aktivierung im vektorraum.
map-based mobile services,personalising map feature content for mobile map users.|accuracy and performance assessment of a window-based heuristic algorithm for real-time routing in map-based mobile applications.|mobile location-based gaming.|a survey of multimodal interfaces for mobile mapping applications.|how mobile maps cooperate with existing navigational infrastructure.
mapped vector basis functions for electromagnetic integral equations,mapped vector basis functions for electromagnetic integral equations
marchal und matzenbacher,lohn- und preisbewegungen in der bundesrepublik deutschland von 1968 bis 1979: e. analyse mit hilfe d. box-jenkins-verfahrens.|universalsortimentsanalyse im handel: e. suchtheoret. ansatz.|simulationsmodell für die auftragsplanung eines industriebetriebes.|die simulation als instrument der fertigungsplanung, -steuerung und prozessoptimierung, dargestellt am modell der feuerverzinkung.
marchal-und-matzenbacher-wissenschaftsverlag,ziele und möglichkeiten interner überwachung betrieblicher technologischer innovationsprozesse.|parameterschätzung in interdependenten, dynamischen, ökonometrischen gleichungssystemen mit autokorrelierten störvariablen - eine monte-carlo-studie.|konzeption und implementierung eines computergestützten informationssystems als "geplanter wandel" der verwaltungsorganisation: bausteine e. verhaltenswiss. bezugsrahmens.|schätzmethoden für konstante und variable lag-strukturen.
marketing intelligent systems using soft computing,applying soft cluster analysis techniques to customer interaction information.|dynamic price forecasting in simultaneous online art auctions.|automatic discovery of potential causal structures in marketing databases based on fuzzy association rules.|an evaluation model for selecting integrated marketing communication strategies for customer relationship management.|prodline: architecture of an artificial intelligence based marketing decision support system for product line designs.|a dempster-shafer theory based exposition of probabilistic reasoning in consumer choice.|decision making in multiagent web services based on soft computing.
markov logic: an interface layer for artificial intelligence,markov logic: an interface layer for artificial intelligence
martienss,grundsätze ordnungsmässiger edv-dokumentation: möglichkeiten ihrer maschinellen erfüllung u. konsequenzen für d. prüfungsdurchführung.|möglichkeiten der prüfung von edv-buchführungssystemen im rahmen der jahresabschlussprüfung.|theorie und praxis von routing-problemen: lösungsverfahren zur tourenplanung im eindepot - u. mehrdepot-fall.
massively parallel evolutionary computation on gpgpus,generic local search (memetic) algorithm on a single gpgpu chip.
mathematical basics of motion and deformation in computer graphics,mathematical basics of motion and deformation in computer graphics
mathematical tools for shape analysis and description,mathematical tools for shape analysis and description
matheuristics,decomposition techniques as metaheuristic frameworks.|matheuristics - hybridizing metaheuristics and mathematical programming|a hybrid tabu search for the m-peripatetic vehicle routing problem.|mip-based grasp and genetic algorithm for balancing transfer lines.|metaboosting: enhancing integer programming techniques by metaheuristics.|just mip it!|a good recipe for solving minlps.
matlab for engineering and the life sciences,matlab for engineering and the life sciences
matlab software for the code excited linear prediction algorithm: the federal standard-1016,matlab software for the code excited linear prediction algorithm: the federal standard-1016
matrices in engineering problems,matrices in engineering problems
maturing usability,connecting rigorous system analysis to experience-centered design.|tailoring usability into agile software development projects.
max-planck-inst. für meteorologie,value of information under climate targets: an application of cost-risk analysis.
mbse4u,a domain-specific, model driven engineering approach for systems engineering in the smart grid.|ein framework zur architekturbeschreibung von sozio-technischen maritimen systemen: architekturentwicklung, e-navigation, interoperabilität, sozio-technische systeme.
mbv,interpolation for coding and upsampling of video signals.|graph-based methods for the design of dna computations.
mbv, mensch-und-buch-verlag,prioritized transmission of layered media with layer-aware fec.
measuring user engagement,measuring user engagement
mechanical testing for the biomechanics engineer,mechanical testing for the biomechanics engineer: a practical guide
media space 20+ years of mediated life,creating assemblies in media space: recent developments in enhancing access to workspaces.|the watcher and the watched: social judgments about privacy in a public place.
mediaeval and renaissance logic,preface.
medical equipment maintenance: management and oversight,medical equipment maintenance: management and oversight
medical imaging systems,computed tomography.
mediscript-verlag,mikrocomputer im unterricht: demonstrationsunterricht in d. anatomie ; e. method. u. didakt. einf.
meeting security challenges through data analytics and decision support,main aspects of border crossing control security provision.|modeling maritime contraband trafficking activities with the agent-based approach.
meisenbach,kommunikationstechnische integration der prozeßebene in produktionssysteme durch middleware-frameworks.|integration lokaler cap-systeme in einem globalen fertigungsdatenverbund.|optimierungskonzepte für qualitätsdatenverarbeitung und informationsbereitstellung in der elektronikfertigung.|erweiterte informationsbereitstellung an offenen cnc-steuerungen zur prozeß- und programmoptimierung.|modulares informationsmanagement in der integrierten produkt- und prozessplanung.|ein informationslogistisches architekturkonzept zur akquisition simulationsrelevanter daten.
meisenbach gmbh verlag,ein vorgehensmodell zur erstellung montageführender werkerinformationssysteme simultan zum produktentstehungsprozess.|automatisierte datenerfassung für diskret ereignisorientierte simulationen in der energieflexiblen fabrik.
mellin-transform method for integral evaluation,mellin-transform method for integral evaluation: introduction and applications to electromagnetics
mensch und buch verlag,dual frequency magnetic particle imaging scanner: hardware for mobilitympi.
mensch-und-buch verlag,skalierbare und zuverlässige gruppenkommunikation im internet.
mensch-und-buch-verlag,ein beitrag zur entwicklung komponentenbasierter softwarearchitekturen.
mentis, paderborn, germany,quantentheorie der information: zur naturphilosophie der theorie der ur-alternativen und einer abstrakten theorie der information.
merging languages and engineering: partnering across the disciplines,merging languages and engineering: partnering across the disciplines
meson press,von open access zu open science: zum wandel digitaler kulturen der wissenschaftlichen kommunikation.
meson press eg,ferocious logics: unmaking the algorithm.
mesurer et évaluer la qualité des données et des connaissances,recherche de séquences spatio-temporelles peu contredites dans des données hydrologiques.
meta-learning in computational intelligence,ontology-based meta-mining of knowledge discovery workflows.
meta-smith charts and their potential applications,meta-smith charts and their potential applications
metaheuristics for dynamic optimization,metaheuristics for dynamic vehicle routing.
metaheuristics for medicine and biology,medical image registration based on metaheuristics: a comparative study.|microscopic image segmentation based on based branch and bound and game theory.|fuzzy edge detection in computed tomography through genetic algorithm optimization.|particle swarm optimization based fast chan-vese algorithm for medical image segmentation.|multi-level image thresholding based on hybrid differential evolution algorithm. application on medical images.|evidential deformable model for contour tracking. application on brain cine mr sequences.
metaheuristics for scheduling in industrial and manufacturing applications,heuristics and meta-heuristics for lot sizing and scheduling in the soft drinks industry: a comparison study.|a genetic algorithm for railway scheduling problems.
metaphor: a computational perspective,metaphor: a computational perspective
methods for handling imperfect spatial information,scaling cautious selection in spatial probabilistic temporal databases.|introduction: uncertainty issues in spatial information.
methods for mining and summarizing text conversations,methods for mining and summarizing text conversations
methods, models and tools for fault tolerance,methods, models and tools for fault tolerance|design and verification of fault-tolerant components.
metric learning,metric learning
metropolis-verlag,expertensysteme und neuronale netze im intelligenten wohnhaus der zukunft.
microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part i,microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part i
microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part ii,microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part ii
microcontrollers fundamentals for engineers and scientists,microcontrollers fundamentals for engineers and scientists
migratory interactive applications for ubiquitous environments,service migration network network support.
minerva-publ.,datenermittlungsverfahren zur unterstützung von wirtschaftlichkeitsberechnungen beim ersatz von software.|der lautlose zwang der computer: e. unters. über d. einzug computergestützter verwaltungsarbeit in d. arbeitsalltag öffentl. verwaltungen.
minerva-publikation,optimalbildbestimmungen bei elektronenmikroskopischen fokusserien: entwicklung e. rechnergesteuerten schnellverfahrens.|binäre stochastische pulsfolgen: aspekte d. erzeugung, anwendung u. filterung.|gestaltung von computer-am-arbeitsplatz-systemen: entwicklung von alternativen u. deren bewertung durch simulation.|schulpolitik als resultat von machtrelationen: computerunterstützte datenanalyse d. schulpolitik in nordrhein-westfalen von 1950 bis 1966.|interaktive entscheidungsunterstützung durch ein flexibles mathematisches programmierungssystem.|benutzerorientierte datenallokation in verteilten informationssystemen.|datenallokationsplanung in verteilten informationssystemen: konzeption u. realisation e. planungsmodells auf d. basis e. heurist. lösungsansatzes.|simulation von "computer-am-arbeitsplatz"-systemen.|untersuchungen von mehrwegesuchverfahren zur codierung von modell- und sprachquellen.|edv-einsatz in hierarchischen lagerverbundsystemen.|mittelfristige produktionsplanung: konstruktion u. vergleich quantitativer modelle.|rasterentwurfsmethode: e. ansatz zur method. softwareerstellung.|interaktive lösung schlecht-strukturierter entscheidungsprobleme: methoden u. ergebnisse bei d. stauung von chemikalientankern.
minerva-publikation saur,objektbedeutung, objektrepräsentation und scanningstrategien.
mining and analyzing social networks,retrieving wiki content using an ontology.|ego-centric network sampling in viral marketing applications.
mining and communities: understanding the context of engineering practice,mining and communities: understanding the context of engineering practice
mining complex data,mining statistical association rules to select the most relevant medical image features.|parallel algorithm for enumerating maximal cliques in complex network.
mining heterogeneous information networks: principles and methodologies,mining heterogeneous information networks: principles and methodologies
mining human mobility in location-based social networks,mining human mobility in location-based social networks
mining latent entity structures,mining latent entity structures
mining social networks and security informatics,estimating the importance of terrorists in a terror network.
mining structures of factual knowledge from text,mining structures of factual knowledge from text: an effort-light approach
mismatch and noise in modern ic processes,mismatch and noise in modern ic processes
misslbeck,früherkennung als betriebliches informationssystem: ein operationaler ansatz mit hilfe wissensbasierter informationsverarbeitung.
mobile big data,extending the sana mobile healthcare platform with features providing ecg analysis.
mobile interactions in context,mobile interactions in context: a designerly way toward digital ecology
mobile platform security,mobile platform security
mobile platforms and development environments,mobile platforms and development environments
mobile robotics for multidisciplinary study,mobile robotics for multidisciplinary study
mobile robots,collaborative robots for infrastructure security applications.|reinforcement learning for autonomous robotic fish.|differential evolution approach using chaotic sequences applied to planning of mobile robot in a static environment with obstacles.
mobile search behaviors,mobile search behaviors: an in-depth analysis based on contexts, apps, and devices
mobile tv: customizing content and experience,watch-and-comment as an approach to collaboratively annotate points of interest in video and interactive-tv programs.|"what are you viewing?" exploring the pervasive social tv experience.|an ambient intelligence framework for the provision of geographically distributed multimedia content to mobility impaired users.
mobility, data mining and privacy,trajectory data models.
model-based reasoning in science, technology, and medicine,application of bayesian inference to automatic semantic annotation of videos.
model-driven development of advanced user interfaces,using storyboards to integrate models and informal design knowledge.
modeling a ship's ferromagnetic signatures,modeling a ship's ferromagnetic signatures
modeling and analysis of shape with applications in computer-aided diagnosis of breast cancer,modeling and analysis of shape with applications in computer-aided diagnosis of breast cancer
modeling and data mining in blogosphere,modeling and data mining in blogosphere
modeling approaches and algorithms for advanced computer applications,seeking for high level lexical association in texts.
modeling bipolar power semiconductor devices,modeling bipolar power semiconductor devices
modeling digital switching circuits with linear algebra,modeling digital switching circuits with linear algebra
modeling in systems biology, the petri net approach,a case study of hfpn simulation: finding essential roles of ror gene in the interaction of feedback loops in mammalian circadian clock.|hybrid functional petri net with extension for dynamic pathway modeling.
modeling risk management for resources and environment in china,research on ecosystem service value of forests in the upper qiupu river.
modeling risk management in sustainable construction,analysis on structure risk and its countermeasures of international trade corridor in inland china.|an investigation of the coal demand in china based on variable weight combination forecasting model.|investment cost analysis for key industries of new energy based on boston experience curve.
modeling uncertainties in dc-dc converters with matlab® and plecs®,modeling uncertainties in dc-dc converters with matlab® and plecs®
modeling, learning, and processing of text technological data structures,markup infrastructure for the anaphoric bank: supporting web collaboration.
modell-verlag,ordered kronecker functional decision diagrams und ihre anwendung.
modelling and control of dialysis systems (1),applications of bioimpedance to end stage renal disease (esrd).
modelling and control of dialysis systems (2),on-line hemodialysis monitoring: new tools for improving safety, tolerance and efficacy.|ionic dialysance and conductivity modeling.
models of horizontal eye movements, part i,models of horizontal eye movements, part i: early models of saccades and smooth pursuit
models of horizontal eye movements, part ii,models of horizontal eye movements, part ii: a 3rd order linear saccade model
models of horizontal eye movements: part 3,models of horizontal eye movements: part 3, a neuron and muscle based linear saccade model
models of horizontal eye movements: part 4,models of horizontal eye movements: part 4, a multiscale neuron and muscle fiber-based linear saccade
models of strategic reasoning,logics for reasoning about strategic abilities in multi-player games.|automata and compositional strategies in extensive form games.|models of strategic reasoning - logics, games, and communities
modern advances in intelligent systems and tools,an innovative contribution to health technology assessment.
modern emc analysis techniques volume i,modern emc analysis techniques volume i: time-domain computational schemes
modern emc analysis techniques volume ii,modern emc analysis techniques volume ii: models and applications
modern image quality assessment,modern image quality assessment
modular ontologies,package-based description logics.|extracting modules from ontologies: a logic-based approach.|criteria and evaluation for ontology modularization techniques.|formal properties of modularisation.|formal and conceptual comparison of ontology mapping languages.
mohr siebeck,internetsicherheit in europa: zur gewährleistung der netz- und informationssicherheit durch informationsverwaltungsrecht.|it-forensik: zur erhebung und verwertung von beweisen aus informationstechnischen systemen.|persönlichkeitsverletzungen im internet: das anwendbare recht.
monsenstein und vannerdat,making sense of words through the eyes of a child: a computational framework for the acquisition of word meanings.|a model driven approach for service based system design using interaction templates.|supergraph models: a novel approach for structure learning, classification and recognition.|full semantics preservation in model transformation.
montania-dr.- und verlag-ges.,partizipation, mitbestimmung, demokratische technikentwicklung: ansatzpunkte zur sozialen gestaltung von arbeit und technik durch beteiligungsorientierte systementwicklung.
morgan & claypool publishers,perspectives on business intelligence
moving target defense,compiler-generated software diversity.
mpeg-4 beyond conventional video coding,mpeg-4 beyond conventional video coding: object coding, resilience, and scalability
mrtd method in electromagnetics,mrtd (multi resolution time domain) method in electromagnetics
multi-core cache hierarchies,multi-core cache hierarchies
multi-objective evolutionary algorithms for knowledge discovery from databases,on the usefulness of moeas for getting compact frbss under parameter tuning and rule selection.
multi-objective machine learning,agent based multi-objective approach to generating interpretable fuzzy systems.|multi-objective algorithms for neural networks learning.
multi-objective swarm intelligence,ant colony for locality foraging in image enhancement.
multi-objective swarm intelligent system,meta-pso for multi-objective em problems.|multi-objective wavelet-based pixel-level image fusion using multi-objective constriction particle swarm optimization.|multiobjective gaussian particle swarm approach applied to multi-loop pi controller tuning of a quadruple-tank system.|use of multiobjective evolutionary algorithms in water resources engineering.
multi-objective swarm intelligent systems,multi-objective swarm intelligent systems - theory & experiences
multi-pitch estimation,multi-pitch estimation
multi-point interaction with real and virtual objects,semi-autonomous human-robot interaction for people with disability.|tactile flow and haptic discrimination of softness.|evaluation of multipoint contact interfaces in haptic perception of shapes.|modelling and controlling the compliance of a robotic hand with soft finger-pads.
multi-source, multilingual information extraction and summarization,open-domain multi-document summarization via information extraction: challenges and prospects.
multiagent systems and applications - volume 1,argumentative agents for service-oriented computing.
multiantenna systems for mimo communications,multiantenna systems for mimo communications
multicon-verlag,middleware and application management architecture.
multicore processors and systems,tiled multicore processors.
multiculturalism and information and communication technology,multiculturalism and information and communication technology
multidimensional databases and data warehousing,multidimensional databases and data warehousing
multidimensional mining of massive text data,multidimensional mining of massive text data
multimedia analysis, processing and communications,robust image watermarking based on feature regions.|a unified tensor level set method for image segmentation.|recognition of sketches in photos.|semi-automatic knowledge extraction, representation, and context-sensitive intelligent retrieval of video content using collateral context modelling with scalable ontological networks.
multimedia information retrieval,multimedia information retrieval
multimodal corpora,an exchange format for multimodal annotations.|creating standardized video recordings of multimodal interactions across cultures.
multimodal imaging in neurology: special focus on mri applications and meg,multimodal imaging in neurology: special focus on mri applications and meg
multimodal interaction in image and video applications,exploiting multimodal interaction techniques for video-surveillance.
multipath effects in gps receivers,multipath effects in gps receivers
multiple valued logic,multiple valued logic: concepts and representations
multithreading architecture,multithreading architecture
mvk, medien-verlag köhler,theoretische untersuchungen zur struktur von membranproteinen.
müller,internetbasierte immobilienfinanzierung: auswirkungen des electronic business auf die finanzierung privater wohnimmobilien.
müller botermann,die problematik einer implementierung von informationstechnologie im bürobereich: gestaltungsvorschlag auf d. basis e. einstellungsanalyse (fallstudien).|mathematische entscheidungsmodelle als komponenten von entscheidungsunterstützungssystemen: e. veranschaulichende analyse am beispiel d. math. teamtheorie.|organisationskonzepte für personal-computer: e. analyse d. einsatzbedingungen u. gestaltungsmassnahmen für d. pc-einsatz in unternehmungen.|ablauforganisation und informationstechnologie im büro: konzeptionelle überlegungen und empirisch-explorative studie.|von hollerith zu ibm: zur frühgeschichte d. datenverarbeitungstechnik von 1880 bis 1970 aus wirtschaftswiss. sicht.|kommunikationsfähigkeit und computerunterstütztes lernen.
müller, jur. verlag,die haftung des nutzers und des betreibers computergestützter auskunftssysteme.
narrowband direction of arrival estimation for antenna arrays,narrowband direction of arrival estimation for antenna arrays
natural computing in computational finance,strong typing, variable reduction and bloat control for solving the bankruptcy prediction problem using genetic programming.|non-linear principal component analysis of the implied volatility smile using a quantum-inspired evolutionary algorithm.|estimation of an egarchvolatility option pricing model using a bacteria foraging optimisation algorithm.
natural computing in computational finance (4),an order-driven agent-based artificial stock market to analyze liquidity costs of market orders in the taiwan stock market.|tackling overfitting in evolutionary-driven financial model induction.
natural intelligence for scheduling, planning and packing problems,diagnosis, configuration, planning, and pathfinding: experiments in nature-inspired optimization.
natural language data management and interfaces,natural language data management and interfaces
natural language processing for social media,natural language processing for social media
natural language processing for social media, second edition,natural language processing for social media, second edition
natural language processing for the semantic web,natural language processing for the semantic web
nature's principles,introduction.
nature-inspired algorithms for optimisation,fish school search.
nature-inspired computation in data mining and machine learning,prospects of machine and deep learning in analysis of vital signs for the improvement of healthcare services.|implementation of machine learning and data mining to improve cybersecurity and limit vulnerabilities to cyber attacks.
nature-inspired computation in engineering,parameterless bat algorithm and its performance study.|a novel fast optimisation algorithm using differential evolution algorithm optimisation and meta-modelling approach.|an evolutionary discrete firefly algorithm with novel operators for solving the vehicle routing problem with time windows.
nature-inspired design of hybrid intelligent systems,integer linear programming formulation and exact algorithm for computing pathwidth.|implementation of an information retrieval system using the soft cosine measure.|evaluation of the evolutionary algorithms performance in many-objective optimization problems using quality indicators.|a dialogue interaction module for a decision support system based on argumentation schemes to public project portfolio.|generating bin packing heuristic through grammatical evolution based on bee swarm optimization.
nature-inspired optimizers,ant lion optimizer: theory, literature review, and application in multi-layer perceptron neural networks.|grey wolf optimizer: theory, literature review, and application in computational fluid dynamics problems.|dragonfly algorithm: theory, literature review, and application in feature selection.|salp swarm algorithm: theory, literature review, and application in extreme learning machines.|multi-verse optimizer: theory, literature review, and application in data clustering.
near field communication: recent developments and library implications,near field communication: recent developments and library implications
needs and feasibility: a guide for engineers in community projects,needs and feasibility: a guide for engineers in community projects - the case of waste for life
negative quantum channels,negative quantum channels: an introduction to quantum maps that are not completely positive
network games: theory, models, and dynamics,network games: theory, models, and dynamics
network science and cybersecurity,recognizing unexplained behavior in network traffic.
network simulation,network simulation
network topology and fault-tolerant consensus,network topology and fault-tolerant consensus
networked knowledge - networked media - integrating knowledge management,conceptual foundations for a service-oriented knowledge and learning architecture: supporting content, process and ontology maturing.
neural interfacing: forging the human-machine connection,neural interfacing: forging the human-machine connection
neural networks: tricks of the trade (2nd ed.),neural network classification and prior class probabilities.
new approaches in intelligent control,intelligent control systems and applications on smart grids.
new approaches in intelligent image analysis,unsupervised clustering of natural images in automatic image annotation systems.|machine learning techniques for intelligent access control.
new challenges in applied intelligence technologies,greedy and exact algorithms for invitation planning in cancer screening.|on human resource adaptability in an agent-based virtual organization.
new concepts and applications in soft computing,an improved hebbian neural network with dynamic neuronal life and relations and its connection to a decision group.
new concepts in digital reference,new concepts in digital reference
new developments in formal languages and applications,new developments in formal languages and applications
new directions in intelligent interactive multimedia,virtual intelligent agents to train abilities of diagnosis in psychology and psychiatry.|logos: a multimodal dialogue system for controlling smart appliances.
new directions in third wave human-computer interaction (1),sensorial computing.
new directions in third wave human-computer interaction (2),design research: methodological innovation through messiness.
new directions in web data management 1,migrating legacy assets through soa to realize network enabled capability.
new prospects of integrating low substrate temperatures with scaling-sustained device architectural innovation,new prospects of integrating low substrate temperatures with scaling-sustained device architectural innovation
new trends in agent-based complex automated negotiations,the first automated negotiating agents competition (anac 2010).
new trends in computational collective intelligence,3d human face recognition using sift descriptors of face's feature regions.|churn prediction in telecommunication industry using rough set approach.|the bootstrap approach to the comparison of two methods applied to the evaluation of the growth index in the analysis of the digital x-ray image of a bone regenerate.
new trends in data warehousing and data analysis,using bitmap index for joint queries on structured and text data.|a metamodel for the specification of geographical data.
new trends in intelligent information and database systems,precision of gait indices approximation by kinect based motion acquisition.|segmentation of mri data to extract the blood vessels based on fuzzy thresholding.|lower layers of a cloud driven smart home system.
new trends in multimedia and network information systems,cluster-centric approach to news event extraction.|problems of data quality in an integrated cadastral information system.|pre-processing techniques for the qsar problem.|localizing and extracting caption in news video using multi-frame average.
new trends of research in ontologies and lexical resources,how ontology based information retrieval systems may benefit from lexical text analysis.|anchoring background knowledge to rich multimedia contexts in the knowledgestore.
next frontier in agent-based complex automated negotiation,the fawkes agent - the anac 2013 negotiation contest winner.
next generation data technologies for collective computational intelligence,emerging, collective intelligence for personal, organisational and social use.
nicso,hchac-4, an aco algorithm for solving the four-criteria military path-finding problem.
niemeyer,didaktik der informationsverarbeitung: eine sprachdidaktisch-semiotische analyse der mensch-maschine-kommunikation.|turning a bilingual dictionary into a lexical semantic database.|maschinelle lexikographie und wortbildungsstrukturen.|generalisierte phrasenstrukturgrammatik: parsingstrategien, regelorganisation u. unifikation.|überzeugungssysteme der künstlichen intelligenz: validierung vor d. hintergrund linguist. theorien über implizierte äusserungen.|die worterkennung in einem dialogsystem für kontuierlich gesprochene sprache.|elektronische zeitungsproduktion: computergesteuerte redaktionssysteme und ihre publizistischen folgen.|eine dependenzgrammatik zur kopplung heterogener wissensquellen.|maschinelle übersetzung komplexer französischer nominalsyntagmen ins deutsche.|künstliche neuronale netze und computerlinguistik.|prosodische information in der automatischen spracherkennung: berechnung und anwendung.|projektion und linking: ein prinzipienbasierter parser fürs deutsche.|automatische klassifikation und information retrieval: anwendung u. entwicklung komplexer verfahren in information-retrieval-systemen u. ihre evaluierung.|eine software-umgebung für die kooperative erstellung von hypertexten.|syntax for german in the user specialty languages system.|akquisition komplexer lexeme aus textkorpora.|verbstellung im deutschen und französischen: unter anwendung eines cad-basierten expertensystems.|argument und algorithmus: ein lexikalisch orientierter analyseansatz diskursiver textelemente mit prolog.|automatisches indexieren als erkennen abstrakter objekte.|romanische verbalmorphologie und relationentheoretische mathematische linguistik: axiomatisierung u. algorithm. anwendung d. klass. wort-u.-paradigma-modells.|bedeutungsanalyse in einem sprachverstehenden system unter berücksichtigung pragmatischer faktoren.|termersetzung als basis für eine einheitliche architektur in der maschinellen sprachübersetzung: das experimentelle mü-system des berliner projekts der eurotra-d-begleitforschung (kit-fast).|der transfer in der maschinellen sprachübersetzung.|zur strukturierung von einsprachigen und kontrastiven elektronischen wörterbüchern.|wort für wort: repräsentation und verarbeitung verbaler phraseologismen (phraseo-lex).|einsatz einer testsatzsammlung im grammar engineering.|maschinelle morphosemantische analyse des französischen: >morse< - eine untersuchung am beispiel des wortschatzes der datenverarbeitung.|frame-theorie in der lexikographie: unters. zur theoret. fundierung u. computergestützten anwendung kontextueller rahmenstrukturen für d. lexikograph. repräsentation von substantiven.|zur verwendung der kasusgrammatik im faktenorientierten "information retrieval" von textdaten.|deixis in der mensch-maschine-interaktion: multimediale referentenidentifikation durch natürliche und simulierte zeigegesten.|zur gestaltung der mensch-computer-interaktion: systemerklärung als kommunikatives problem.|entwurf eines dedizierten datenbanksystems für lexika: problemanalyse u. software-entwurf anhand e. projektes für maschinelle sprachübers.|automatische spracherkennung - von der theorie zur praxis: d. konstruktion e. spracherkennungssystems als themat., method. u. pragmat. prozess.|computergestützte analysen phonologischer systeme: exemplarisch am beispiel einer historisch-vergleichenden ortsgrammatik aus dem schwäbisch-fränkischen übergangsgebiet.
nlp of semitic languages,automatic speech recognition.
nnovations in knowledge management,innovations in knowledge management - the impact of social media, semantic web and cloud computing
node localization in wireless sensor networks,node localization in wireless sensor networks
noise and torsional vibration analysis of hybrid vehicles,noise and torsional vibration analysis of hybrid vehicles
nomos,netzpolitik: genese eines politikfeldes.|notstandsalgorithmen: dilemmata im automatisierten straßenverkehr.|der schutz personenbezogener daten in der cloud, 2. auflage.|mobiler journalismus: angebote, produktionsroutinen und redaktionelle strategien deutscher print- und rundfunkredaktionen.|vertrauen in service-orientierten online-communitys.|der schutz personenbezogener daten in der cloud.
nomos verlagsgesellschaft mbh & co. kg,haftung für datenverlust im cloud computing.|vertragsschluss und vertragliches verschulden beim einsatz von künstlicher intelligenz und softwareagenten.|das kampfführungsrecht im internationalen cyberkrieg.|sichere internetwahlen: ein rechtswissenschaftlich-informatisches modell.
nomos-verlag-ges.,das recht auf informationelle selbstbestimmung des patienten und die ärztliche schweigepflicht in der gesetzlichen krankenversicherung.|marktstrukturelle auswirkungen neuer produktionstechnologien: eine analyse am beispiel der computerintegrierten produktionstechnologien (cim).|technologiepolitik und technikdiffusion: auswahl und einsatz von förderinstrumenten am beispiel der fertigungstechnik.|der rechtsschutz computergestützter fachinformationen: unter besonderer berücksichtigung von datenbanken.|forschungsfreiheit und informationelle selbstbestimmung: gesetzliche forschungsregelungen zwischen grundrechtlicher förderungspflicht und grundrechtlichem abwehrrecht.|law of international telecommunications in the united kingdom: regulation of electronic media.|der urheberrechtliche schutz von computerprogrammen im recht der bundesrepublik deutschland und der republik korea.|elektronischer hausarrest?: zur anwendbarkeit eines amerikanischen sanktionsmodells in deutschland.|datenerhebung und -verarbeitung in den polizeigesetzen der länder.|zweckbindung als kernpunkt eines prozeduralen datenschutzansatzes: das zweckproblem aus theoretischer und praktischer sicht.|pressedatenbanken und datenschutzrechtliches medienprivileg.|internationales urheberrecht und internet: zur frage des anzuwendenden urheberrechts bei grenzüberschreitenden datenübertragungen.|institutionelle datenschutzkontrolle der europäischen gemeinschaft: eine untersuchung über voraussetzungen, funktion und aufbau.|informationszugang und datenschutz: ein kanadisches beispiel.|zugriff auf edv im strafprozeß: rechtliche und technische probleme der beschlagnahme und durchsuchung beim zugriff auf das beweismittel "edv".|die anwendbarkeit des sachmängelgewährleistungsrechtes bei der on-line-übertragung von standardsoftware: eine rechtsvergleichende studie zum us-amerikanischen und deutschen recht.|der schutz der kommunikation im internet durch artikel 10 des grundgesetzes.|datenschutz beim internet-einkauf: gefährdungen, anforderungen, gestaltungen.|umweltpolitik und umweltinformation in ballungsräumen: vergleichende fallstudie der umweltinformationssysteme in berlin (west) und seoul (republik korea).|die überlassung von computerprogrammen: vertragstypenzuordnung und besondere formen der gewährleistung.|der datenschutz im grenzüberschreitenden datenverkehr: eine rechtsvergleichende und kollisionsrechtliche untersuchung.|elektronische datenverarbeitung und zivilprozess: datenschutz und datensicherung bei der anwendung elektronischer datenverarbeitung im zivilprozess.|die kontrolle des datenschutzes im nicht-öffentlichen bereich: eine untersuchung über die tätigkeit der datenschutz-aufsichtsbehörden.|moderne kommunikations- und informationstechnologien (kit): zur bedeutung der kit in den ländern mittel- und osteuropas.|autonome auslegung von internationalem einheitsrecht: computersoftware im wiener kaufrecht.|die entwicklung der institutionellen kontrolle des datenschutzes: kontrollmodelle und kontrollinstanzen in der bundesrepublik deutschland und frankreich.|das datenschutzrechtliche "presseprivileg" im spannungsfeld zwischen pressefreiheit und persönlichkeitsrecht: informationelle selbstbestimmung als vermeidung von befangenheit.|die einführung des digitalen fernsehens: neue probleme und implikationen für den wettbewerb und die medienkonzentration.|publizistik- und kommunikationswissenschaft: von d. unsystemat. handablage zur computergesteuerten pressedatenbank: bedingungen, ziele, chancen u. risiken d. strukturwandels von dokumentationseinrichtungen im medienbereich.|haftung und prävention nach dem signaturgesetz.
nomos-verlag-gesellschaft,netzzugang und eigentumsrechte in der telekommunikation.
nomos-verlagsgesellschaft,grenzüberschreitender datenschutz.
non-volatile in-memory computing by spintronics,non-volatile in-memory computing by spintronics
non-volatile memory database management systems,non-volatile memory database management systems
nonimaging optics in solar energy,nonimaging optics in solar energy
nonlinear dynamics in human behavior,nonlinear dynamics in speech perception.
nonlinear source separation,nonlinear source separation
norderstedt, germany,from processes to policies: application of policy-based techniques to process-oriented it service management.
novel insights in agent-based complex automated negotiation,novel insights in agent-based complex automated negotiation
ns simulator for beginners,ns simulator for beginners
numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 1,numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 1 - introduction to algorithms and computer coding in r
numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 2,numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 2 - applications from classical integer pdes
numerical methods for linear complementarity problems in physics-based animation,numerical methods for linear complementarity problems in physics-based animation
o. schmidt,nießbrauch an computerprogrammen: zugleich ein beitrag zum rechtsschutz durch vertragsgestaltung.|die rechtliche stellung des computerprogramme erstellenden arbeitnehmers nach urheberrecht, patentrecht und arbeitnehmererfindungsrecht.|die steuer- und bilanzrechtliche behandlung von software.|gestaltungsformen urheberrechtlicher softwarelizenzverträge: eine juristische und ökonomische untersuchung unter besonderer berücksichtigung des zweiten gesetzes zur änderung des urheberrechtsgesetzes vom 9. juni 1993.|der softwarevertrag: der erwerb von standardsoftware, individualsoftware und betriebssoftware, erwerb von hard- und software.|das computerprogramm im recht: technische grundlagen, urheberrecht und verwertung, überlassung und gewährleistung.
ofdm systems for wireless communications,ofdm systems for wireless communications
oiwir, oldenburger verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,knova: a reference architecture for knowledge-based visual analytics.
oldenbourg,software-werkzeuge in einer programmierwerkstatt: ansätze eines hermeneutisch fundierten werkzeug- und maschinenbegriffs.
oldenbourg verlag,zugriffskontrolle bei datenbanken.
oldenburg,mehrgitterverfahren für diffusionsprobleme der prozesssimulation.
olms,der padok-retrievaltest: zur methode und verwendung statistischer verfahren bei der bewertung von information-retrieval-systemen.|defining morphology: a principled approach to determing the boundaries of compounding, derivation, and inflection.|probleme des fachwortschatzes im arabischen: dargestellt insbesondere an der terminologie der teleinformatik.|automatische segmentierung natürlichsprachiger sätze.|referat und referieren: linguist. beitr. zu ihrer applikation in d. information u. dokumentation.|bidirektionale sprache: faktenrecherche und informationsdarstellung durch dynamische erzeugung korrigierbarer zustandsanzeigen in natürlicher sprache.|wortbedeutung und termassoziation: methoden zur automatischen semantischen klassifikation.|lexicon acquisition through high level rule compilation.
olwir verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,long-term monitoring of personal health parameters for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.|regional search and visualization methodologies for multi-criteria geographic retrieval.|supporting take-over situations in highly automated driving.|multidimensionales process-mining für die analyse medizinischer versorgungsprozesse.|wrist-worn light-based smart digital jewellery.|development of a user-adaptive mobile system to support running training for beginners.|visual cues for locating out-of-view objects in mixed reality.|designing multimodal assistance systems for child cyclists.|flexible detektion von arzneimittelnebenwirkungen für die versorgungsforschung.|uncertainty quantification for modular co-simulation.|in-vehicle ambient light displays for advanced driver assistant systems.
olwir, oldenburger verlag fuuml;r wirtschaft, informatik und recht,latenzreduktion priorisierter nachrichten in datenstrommanagementsystemen.
olwir, oldenburger verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,odysseusp2p: verteilte datenstromverarbeitung in privaten p2p-netzwerken.|conveying spatial information for navigation and orientation with tactile displays.|analysis, retrieval and layout for digital photobooks.|supporting interpersonal awareness over a distance.|datenschutzrechtliche probleme bei der nutzung des "web 2.0" im intranet eines unternehmens.|maschinelles lernen in datenstrommanagementsystemen.|re-composition of distributed social media content.|ad-hoc-datentransformationen für analytische informationssysteme.|die unterlassungshaftung der internetzugangsdienste für fremde inhalte im world wide web: bestehen und umfang zivilrechtlicher sperrpflichten.|ambient light displays for temporal information.|it-architekturentwicklung für bi in der cloud.|integration von technologieroadmaps in die planung der unternehmensarchitektur von energieversorgungsunternehmen.|designing user interfaces for interactive tabletops.|augmenting monitoring performance during multi-uav supervisory control with adaptive displays.|knobi - knowledge-based business intelligence for business user information-self-service.|sensor-supported unsupervised observation techniques for filed studies.|evolutionsmanagement prozess- und serviceorientierter unternehmensarchitekturen.
on logical, algebraic, and probabilistic aspects of fuzzy set theory,the notions of overlap and grouping functions.
on the design of game-playing agents,on the design of game-playing agents
on the efficient determination of most near neighbors,on the efficient determination of most near neighbors: horseshoes, hand grenades, web search and other situations when close is close enough|on the efficient determination of most near neighbors: horseshoes, hand grenades, web search and other situations when close is close enough, second edition
on the power of fuzzy markup language,fuzzy markup language for malware behavioral analysis.|applying fml-based fuzzy ontology to university assessment.
on transactional concurrency control,on transactional concurrency control
on uncertain graphs,on uncertain graphs
on-chip networks,on-chip networks
online multiplayer games,online multiplayer games
online social media analysis and visualization,demographic and psychographic estimation of twitter users using social structures.|tucan: twitter user centric analyzer.
online worlds: convergence of the real and the virtual,cooperation, coordination, and trust in virtual teams: insights from virtual games.
ontologies for urban development,ontology based communications through model driven tools: feasibility of the mda approach in urban engineering projects.|towntology & hydrontology: relationship between urban and hydrographic features in the geographic information domain.|building an address gazetteer on top of an urban network ontology.
ontology engineering,ontology engineering
ontology learning and population,unsupervised learning of semantic relations for molecular biology ontologies.
ontology, epistemology, and teleology for modeling and simulation,modeling and simulation as a theory building paradigm.|ontological, epistemological, and teleological perspectives on service-oriented simulation frameworks.
ontology-based interpretation of natural language,ontology-based interpretation of natural language
open data,gestion de la qualité des données ouvertes liées - états des lieux et perspectives.
open data for education,ecole: an ontology-based open online course platform.|teaching linked open data using open educational resources.
openstreetmap in giscience,the next generation of navigational services using openstreetmap data: the integration of augmented reality and graph databases.
operating system security,operating system security
oppositional concepts in computational intelligence,the concept of opposition and its use in q-learning and q(lambda) techniques.|opposition mining in reservoir management.|opposition-based computing.
optical interconnects,optical interconnects
optimization and mathematical modeling in computer architecture,optimization and mathematical modeling in computer architecture
optimus-verlag,theorie und anwendung der impulsbasierten dynamiksimulation.|assertion level proof planning with compiled strategies.
oral communication excellence for engineers and scientists,oral communication excellence for engineers and scientists
otto neurath and the unity of science,searching for the unity of science: from classical logic to abductive logical systems.|keeping track of neurath's bill: abstract concepts, stock models and the unity of classical physics.
out of the comfort zone,out of the comfort zone: new ways to teach, learn, and assess essential professional skills - an advancement in educational innovation
outlier detection for temporal data,outlier detection for temporal data
p und h,lösung des containerstauproblems mit graphensuchverfahren und genetischen algorithmen.|computergestützter sequenzvergleich mit sequenzwörtern.
pabst,soziale identifikation mit virtuellen gemeinschaften: bedingungen und konsequenzen.
pabst science publ.,grundlagen der computergestützten diagnostik in der schulpsychologie.
pabst science publishers,ästhetik von websites: wahrnehmung von ästhetik und deren beziehung zu inhalt, usability und persönlichkeitsmerkmalen.
packets with deadlines: a framework for real-time wireless networks,packets with deadlines: a framework for real-time wireless networks
pad-verlag,zur wissenschaftlichen fundierung der schulinformatik.
papierflieger,compilezeit-scheduling in multiprozessorsystemen.|visualization for retrieval of scientific and technical information.|beschreibung und klassifizierung von konturelementen industrieller objekte.|aufwandsschätzung für den bau von multimediainformationssystemen.|interdisziplinäre werkstoffauswahl durch aufbau eines material data mart.|beurteilung der eignung von softwaresystemen für eine lange lebensdauer.|neue ansätze zur optimierung der ver- und entschlüsselungsfunktionen beim rsa-verfahren.|optimierung von geschlossenen warteschlangennetzen.|speicherplatzreduzierung und informationsanalyse von mpeg-komprimierten videos.|interaktive beweissysteme, ihre eigenschaften und deren verhalten unter komposition.|echtzeitsynthese optimaler strategien für differentialspiele schneller dynamik mit anwendungen bei der kollisionsvermeidung.|nutzung evolutionärer strategien zur optimierung des dynamischen verhaltens von laborzentrifugen.|dreidimensionale prozeßvisualisierung zur führung technischer anlagen am beispiel eines kohlekraftwerks.|adaption der focalebene von 2 stereoskopischen kameras an vorzugsebenen zu erkennender objekte.|verteilte hybride synchronisationstechniken in mehrschichten-transaktionssystemen.|informationstheoretische analyse neuronaler netze.|hierarchische begriffsstrukturen zur informationsklassifikation für recherchestrategien in der angewandten analytik.|zur theorie selbstorganisierender und topologieerhaltender neuronaler netze und deren evaluation mittels komplexer anästhesiologischer signaturen des narkose-eeg.|entrophie-optimierende steuerung der objekterkennung durch einen fallbasierten automaten.|flexible roboterprogrammierung durch training.|ein pragmatisches vorgehenskonzept zur integration und kooperation von informationssystemen.|ausführbarkeitstest und scheduling-algorithmen in dynamischen mehrprozessorsystemen.|neue ansätze zur unterdrückung von impulsrauschen in grauwert- und farbbildern.|grenzüberschreitender datenverkehr und datenschutz in europa.|topographic mapping of dissimilarity datasets.
papierflieger verlag,entwicklung der softwareplattform resus: repository simulation, uncertainty propagation and sensitivity analysis.
papierflieger verlag gmbh,dekomposition von mehrprodukt-warteschlangennetzwerken mit "batch-processing".|automatische testdatengenerierung zur absicherung fehlerbehafteter reaktiver automatisierungssysteme.|a framework for intelligent support system for drilling rigs selection.|electrical load forecasting using adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system.
papierflieger-verlag,modelling and verifying abilities of rational agents.|domain-independent support for computer-based education of argumentation skills.|hardware-entwurf und robotik: innovation und pragmatik.|supporting collaborative work with 3d collaborative virtual enviroments.
paraconsistency: logic and applications,an approach to human-level commonsense reasoning.
paraconsistent intelligent-based systems,an algorithmic method supported by paraconsistent annotated logic applied to the determination of friction factors for turbulent flow in smooth pipes.
parallel and distributed computational intelligence,evolutionary algorithms on volunteer computing platforms: the milkyway@home project.
parallel architectures and bioinspired algorithms,evolutive approaches for variable selection using a non-parametric noise estimator.
parallel evolutionary computations,reconfigurable computing and parallelism for implementing and accelerating evolutionary algorithms.
parallel programming, models and applications in grid and p2p systems,byg: an approach to just-in-time gridification of conventional java applications.|landscape analysis in adaptive metaheuristics for grid computing.|hybrid performance modeling and prediction of large-scale parallel systems.|parallel query processing on the grid.|runtime prediction in desktop grid scheduling.|parallel implementations of svm for earth observation.
parallel programming, models and applications in grid and p2p systems.,parallel programming, models and applications in grid and p2p systems.
parameter setting in evolutionary algorithms,parameter control in evolutionary algorithms.
parey,epidemiologische simulatoren als instrumente der systemanalyse mit besonderer berücksichtigung eines modells des gerstenmehltaus.
partial update least-square adaptive filtering,partial update least-square adaptive filtering
particle swarm optimization,particle swarm optimization: a physics-based approach
path problems in networks,path problems in networks
patient-centered design of cognitive assistive technology for traumatic brain injury telerehabilitation,patient-centered design of cognitive assistive technology for traumatic brain injury telerehabilitation
pattern recognition: architectures, algorithms and applications,parallel object labeling in mimd and distributed environments.|vlsi implementation of focal plane processing for smart vision sensing.|evaluation of center-lines of digital patterns produced by maximal-square and maximal-circle algorithms.|on the recognition of handwritten characters using neural networks.
pde models for atherosclerosis computer implementation in r,pde models for atherosclerosis computer implementation in r
peach - intelligent interfaces for museum visits,detecting focus of attention.|children in the museum: an environment for collaborative storytelling.
peer-to-peer data management,peer-to-peer data management
perception-based data mining and decision making in economics and finance,estimating classification uncertainty of bayesian decision treetechnique on financial data.
perceptual issues in visualization,interaction in perceptually-based visualization.
performance modeling of communication networks with markov chains,performance modeling of communication networks with markov chains
performance modeling, loss networks, and statistical multiplexing,performance modeling, loss networks, and statistical multiplexing
performance modeling, stochastic networks, and statistical multiplexing, second edition,performance modeling, stochastic networks, and statistical multiplexing, second edition
person re-identification,mahalanobis distance learning for person re-identification.|one-shot person re-identification with a consumer depth camera.
personal assistants,kidney care - a personal assistant assessment.
personalization techniques and recommender systems,personalization strategies and semantic reasoning: working in tandem in advanced recommender systems.
perspectives of neural-symbolic integration,the core method: connectionist model generation for first-order logic programs.
perspectives on business intelligence,perspectives on business intelligence
perspectives on mathematical practices,perspectives on mathematical practices - bringing together philosophy of mathematics, sociology of mathematics, and mathematics education|philosophy of mathematics and mathematics education.
pervasive advertising,attentional behavior of users on the move towards pervasive advertising media.
pervasive computing, innovations in intelligent multimedia and applications,ai techniques in a context-aware ubiquitous environment.
pervasive displays,pervasive displays: understanding the future of digital signage
peter lang,understanding the effects of immediate electronic corrective feedback on second language development.
peter lang edition,data-driven problem-solving in international business communication: examining the use of bilingual web-based tools for text production with advanced english as a foreign language professionals.|textsorten im internet zwischen wandel und konstanz - the personal weblog: a linguistic history.
peter lang gmbh, internationaler verlag der wissenschaften,next taylorism: a calculus of knowledge work.
pfeffer,on public goods and location conflicts.
phase change memory: from devices to systems,phase change memory: from devices to systems
philosophy and cognitive science,philosophy and cognitive science - western & eastern studies|moral intuitions vs. moral reasoning. a philosophical analysis of the explanatory models intuitionism relies on.|an examination of the thesis of models as representations.|from the received view to the model-theoretic approach.|cognitive abduction and the study of visual culture.
phonocardiography signal processing,phonocardiography signal processing
photonic interconnects: a computer architect's perspective,photonic interconnects: a computer architect's perspective
physica-verlag,strategische datenbanken: kernelemente computergestützter informationssysteme zur unterstützung des strategischen controllings.|architekturmodelle zur planung der informationsverarbeitung von kreditinstituten.|modelle und verfahren zur innerbetrieblichen standortplanung.|optimal design of flexible manufacturing systems.|datenmanagement in wissensbasierten statistiksystemen.|der kalmanfilter als instrument zur diagnose und schätzung variabler parameter in ökonometrischen modellen.|einsatzmöglichkeiten von expertensystemen in integrierten systemen der produktionsplanung und -steuerung (pps).|unterstützung der objektorientierten systemanalyse durch softwaremasse: entwicklung eines messbasierten modellierungsratgebers.|objektorientiertes design für c++: entwicklung eines case-tools mit c++-codegenerierung.|computergestützte konsistenzsicherung in der objektorientierten systemanalyse.|entwicklung eines expertensystems zur beurteilung von fernsehwerbung.|ökonometrische methoden und maschinelle lernverfahren zur wechselkursprognose: theoretische analyse und empirischer vergleich ; mit 124 tabellen.|wissensbasierte erweiterung der netzplantechnik.|konsumentenemotionen: messung durch computergestützte verfahren ; e. empir. validierung nicht-verbaler methoden.|computergestützte tourenplanung mit zeitkritischen restriktionen: mit 44 tabellen.|konzeption und stand des einsatzes von data dictionaries.|rechnergestützte qualitätssicherung und cim.|virtuelle beratung: kundenbegleitung im elektronischen vertrieb der finanzdienstleister.|wissensbasierte systeme in produktionsplanung und -steuerung: implementierungs- und integrationsaspekte, dargestellt an einem beispiel aus dem beschaffungsbereich.|objektorientierte entwicklung betrieblicher informationssysteme.|interaktive fuzzy-optimierung: entwicklung eines entscheidungsunterstützungssystems.|prinzipien des entwurfs und der realisierung eines organisationsinformationssystems.|telekommunikationswirtschaft in der europäischen union: innovationsdynamik, regulierungspolitik und internationalisierungsprozesse ; mit 35 tabellen.|finanzanalysen in der investitions- und finanzierungsberatung: potential und problemadäquate systemunterstützung.|koordinationsentscheidungen bei unsicherheit: e. entscheidungstheoret. beitr.|eskimo - eine expertensystemkontrollierte methodenbank: ihre entwicklung und anwendung bei der auswahl von methoden zur optimierung von simulationsmodellen.|business rule oriented conceptual modeling.|objektorientierte und verteilte lösung von optimierungsproblemen: mit 17 tabellen.|expertensystem zur beurteilung von anzeigenwerbung.|lebenswegorientierte planung technischer systeme.|multidisziplinäre optimierung und cluster-computing.|die sitzung der zukunft: eine vorausschau mit groupware-szenarien ; mit 43 tabellen.|design mehrstufiger warenwirtschaftssysteme.
physically unclonable functions,physically unclonable functions (pufs): applications, models, and future directions
physikalisches inst.,entwurf, entwicklung und inbetriebnahme eines verteilten rechnerkontrollsystems für die elektronen-stretcher-anlage elsa: unter besonderer berücksichtigung der extraktion im nachbeschleunigungsbetrieb bis 3.5 gev.
pirrot,safe and precise wcet determination by abstract interpretation of pipeline models.|analysis of communication topologies by partner abstraction.|retargetable postpass optimisation by integer linear programming.|optimal global instruction scheduling for the itanium processor architecture.|generating program analyzers.
pl acad. research,konzeption und realisierung eines integrierten mikroblog-basierten kommunikationsansatzes für die verteilte softwareentwicklung: [anwendungen, probleme, wissen].|graphical user interface prototyping for distributed requirements engineering.|exploring the organizational impact of software-as-a-service on software vendors: the role of organizational integration in software-as-a-service development and operation.
pl academic research,autodidaktisches lernen in informationstechnischen berufen mit elementen der abstraktionsfähigkeit und komplexitätsreduktion.
planning with markov decision processes: an ai perspective,planning with markov decision processes: an ai perspective
pml for computational electromagnetics,perfectly matched layer (pml) for computational electromagnetics
poeschel,die auswirkungen neuer informations- und kommunikationstechniken auf mittelständische unternehmen.|die steuerhinterziehung: e. betriebswirtschaftl. systematik d. methoden im bereich d. gewinnsteuern u.e. edv-system zur aufdeckung u. bekämpfung d. steuerhinterziehung.|wahrscheinlichkeitsschätzungen im computer-dialog: theorie, methoden u.e. experimentelle studie zur schätzung von subjektiven wahrscheinlichkeiten.|die ausgliederung der betrieblichen datenverarbeitung: eine empirische analyse der motive, formen und wirkungen.|die akzeptanz der technikgestützten selbstbedienung im privatkundengeschäft von universalbanken.|neue informations- und kommunikationstechnologien im marketing des lebensmitteleinzelhandels.
pondering on problems of argumentation,seizing the occasion: parameters for analysing ways of strategic manoeuvring.|pondering on problems of argumentation, twenty essays on theoretical issues.
power electronics for modern wind turbines,power electronics for modern wind turbines
power electronics for photovoltaic power systems,power electronics for photovoltaic power systems
power-efficient computer architectures: recent advances,power-efficient computer architectures: recent advances
practical global illumination with irradiance caching,practical global illumination with irradiance caching
practical signcryption,signcryption schemes based on the diffie-hellman problem.|signcryption schemes based on bilinear maps.
pragmatic circuits: dc and time domain,pragmatic circuits: dc and time domain
pragmatic circuits: frequency domain,pragmatic circuits: frequency domain
pragmatic circuits: signals and filters,pragmatic circuits: signals and filters
pragmatic electrical engineering: fundamentals,pragmatic electrical engineering: fundamentals
pragmatic electrical engineering: systems and instruments,pragmatic electrical engineering: systems and instruments
pragmatic logic,pragmatic logic
pragmatic power,pragmatic power
precision health and medicine,automatic exercise recognition with machine learning.|analysis of team medical care using integrated information from the trajectories of and conversations among medical personnel.
predicting human decision-making,predicting human decision-making: from prediction to action
predicting information retrieval performance,predicting information retrieval performance
prediction and inference from social networks and social media,diffusion process in a multi-dimension networks: generating, modelling, and simulation.
predictive econometrics and big data,estimating the value of cultural heritage creativity from the viewpoint of tourists.
preferences and decisions,the dynamics of consensus in group decision making: investigating the pairwise interactions between fuzzy preferences.
prelude project,natural-language syntax as procedures for interpretation: the dynamics of ellipsis construal.
principle and application progress in location-based services,a smart initial map scale model based on distribution of road network.|mobile positioning data in emergency management: measuring the impact of street riots and political confrontation on incoming tourism.|spatial uncertainty management in pedestrian navigation.|iwise: a location-based service cloud computing system with content aggregation and social awareness.|a robust fingerprinting localization algorithm against signal strength attacks.|integrated indoor location system of qr code and its application based on windows phone.|activity-based smartphone-oriented landmark identification for localization.|on site pseudorange multipath effect on gps surveying.
principles of secure processor architecture design,principles of secure processor architecture design
principles of visual information retrieval,semantic-based retrieval of visual data.
prinz publications,interaction design patterns für nfc-basierte electronic-data-capture-anwendungen.
prinz publishing,systematik zur ordnung mobiler assistierender gesundheitstechnologien.
privacy for location-based services,privacy for location-based services
privacy in mobile and pervasive computing,privacy in mobile and pervasive computing
privacy in social networks,privacy in social networks
privacy risk analysis,privacy risk analysis
privacy-preserving data mining,privacy-preserving data stream classification.
privacy-preserving data publishing: an overview,privacy-preserving data publishing: an overview
private information retrieval,private information retrieval
pro business,"strictly models and objects first": unterrichtskonzept und -methodik für objektorientierte modellierung im informatikunterricht.|recursive parameter estimation for nonlinear continuous time systems through sensitivity model based adaptive filters.|ein ansatz zur erweiterung von linguistischen e-learning-kursen durch dehypertextualisierte lerninhalte.|planung und durchführung kundenindividueller massenfertigung auf basis einer standardanwendungssoftware.|modellierung eines monitoringsystems zur risikosteuerung in der hüftendoprothetik.
pro business, berlin, germany,eignungseinstufung von vorgehensmodellen: ddurch systematische risikoanalyse für softwareprojekte direkt zum geeigneten vorgehensmodell.
probabilistic and biologically inspired feature representations,probabilistic and biologically inspired feature representations
probabilistic approaches to recommendations,probabilistic approaches to recommendations
probabilistic databases,probabilistic databases
probabilistic ranking techniques in relational databases,probabilistic ranking techniques in relational databases
process design for natural scientists,modeling and execution of scientific workflows with the jabc framework.|lessons learned.
processor microarchitecture: an implementation perspective,processor microarchitecture: an implementation perspective
production engineering and management under fuzziness,fuzzy project scheduling.
professur systeme der virtuellen realität,efficient and high-quality rendering of higher-order geometric data representations.
profil,die binäre herrschaft: intuition und logisches prinzip.
programming with actors,a study of concurrency bugs and advanced development support for actor-based programs.|ambientjs - a mobile cross-platform actor library for multi-networked mobile applications.|a homogeneous actor-based monitor language for adaptive behaviour.
progress in applications of boolean functions,progress in applications of boolean functions
progress in automation, robotics and measuring techniques,share mode magnetorheological dampers for vibration attenuation in domestic washing machines.|research of basic parameters of piezoelectric tube actuator.|analysis thrust for different kind of propellers.|the architecture of an embedded smart camera for intelligent inspection and surveillance.|characteristics of the improved magnetic shape memory alloy actuator test stand.|modelling of electrohydraulic drive with a valve controlled by synchronous motor.|multichannel high voltage amplifier for piezo actuators.|analysis and modelling of magnetic circuits in magnetic shape memory alloy actuators.
progress in automation, robotics and measuring techniques (2),user needs and requirements for the mobility assistance and activity monitoring scenario within the rapp project.
progress in computer vision and image analysis,intelligent cctv for mass transport security: challenges and opportunities for video and face processing.
progress in location-based services,pedestrian indoor localization using foot mounted inertial sensors in combination with a magnetometer, a barometer and rfid.
project management for engineering design,project management for engineering design
projecta-verlag,usability-engineering: organisation der kreativität im edv-projektmanagement ; software-ergonomie in der praxis.
propagation phenomena in real world networks,cancer - a story on fault propagation in gene-cellular networks.
protein-protein interaction networks,automated extraction and visualization of protein-protein interaction networks and beyond: a text-mining protocol.
provenance data in social media,provenance data in social media
provenance: an introduction to prov,provenance: an introduction to prov
proxemic interactions,proxemic interactions: from theory to practice
pspice for analog communications engineering,pspice for analog communications engineering
pspice for circuit theory and electronic devices,pspice for circuit theory and electronic devices
pspice for digital communications engineering,pspice for digital communications engineering
pspice for digital signal processing,pspice for digital signal processing
pspice for filters and transmission lines,pspice for filters and transmission lines
psychologie-verlag-union,syllogistic inference under uncertainty.
psz-verlag,computerunterstützte interaktionsanalyse: entwurf, implementierung und anwendung.
pt-ai,intentional state-ascription in multi-agent systems - a case study in unmanned underwater vehicles.
pzh verlag,integrierte arbeitsplanung und fertigungssteuerung auf basis von zustandsinformationen.|fabrikplanungsspezifische modellierungssprache.|kognitive, dezentrale sprachsteuerung von autonom agierenden fahrerlosen transportfahrzeugen in der intralogistik.|integrative modellbasierte methode zur wirtschaftlichen auslegung von schmiedeprozessketten.|entwicklung eines vielseitigen und robusten laserscanners für 3d-modellierung und exploration mit einem roboterarm.|prozess einer generationsübergreifenden produktentwicklung durch technische vererbung.
pzh-verlag,generative parametrische modellierung von strukturkomponenten für die technische vererbung: dissertation.
quality estimation for machine translation,quality estimation for machine translation
quality issues in the management of web information,automated cleansing of poi databases.|quality-based knowledge discovery from medical text on the web.
quality measures in data mining,a graph-based clustering approach to evaluate interestingness measures: a tool and a comparative study.
quality of protection,collection and analysis of attack data based on honeypots deployed on the internet.
quality of service in wireless networks over unlicensed spectrum,quality of service in wireless networks over unlicensed spectrum
quantitative information fusion for hydrological sciences,integrated methods for urban groundwater management considering subsurface heterogeneity.
quantitative neurophysiology,quantitative neurophysiology
quantum computer science,quantum computer science
quantum computing for computer architects,quantum computing for computer architects
quantum computing for computer architects, second edition,quantum computing for computer architects, second edition
quantum cryptography and computing,spin-hamiltonian analysis of quantum registers on single nv center and proximal 13c nuclei in diamond.
quantum inspired intelligent systems,quantum simulataneous recurrent networks for content addressable memory.|calibration of the vgssdoption pricing model using a quantum-inspired evolutionary algorithm.
quantum radar,quantum radar
quantum robotics,quantum robotics: a primer on current science and future perspectives
quantum walks for computer scientists,quantum walks for computer scientists
query processing over incomplete databases,query processing over incomplete databases
query processing over uncertain databases,query processing over uncertain databases
querying graphs,querying graphs
quorum,eine analyse der nutzung statistischer programmpakete in der sozialforschung.
r. g. fischer,entscheidungen bei unsicherheit: die berücksichtigung inferentieller und struktureller statistischer information.|bildschirmgeräteeinsatz und betriebsverfassung: d. problematik d. einf. u. anwendung von bildschirmgeräten unter bes. berücks. d. beteiligungsrechte des betriebsrates ; e. empir. studie anhand von unternehmensbeispielen aus produktion, handel, dienstleistung u. bankwesen.
rain-computer interfaces,brain-computer interfaces - current trends and applications
readbox unipress,textperformanz und textwirkung im www im spannungsfeld zwischen wandel und konvention: dargestellt am beispiel russischer hochschulwebsites.
readbox unipress in der readbox publishing gmbh,der rechtliche schutz bei der nutzung von social networks.
reading and writing the electronic book,reading and writing the electronic book
real vr,design and characterization of light field and holographic near-eye displays.|immersive learning in real vr.
real-time image and video processing: from research to reality,real-time image and video processing: from research to reality
real-time massive model rendering,real-time massive model rendering
real-time road profile identification and monitoring,real-time road profile identification and monitoring: theory and application
reasonableness and effectiveness in argumentative discourse,erratum to: student performance in identifying unexpressed premisses and argumentation schemes.|student performance in identifying unexpressed premisses and argumentation schemes.
reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models (2nd edition),reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models: exact algorithms, second edition
reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models: exact algorithms,reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models: exact algorithms
recent advances in ambient assisted living,smart dosing: a mobile application for tracking the medication tray-filling and dispensation processes in hospital wards.
recent advances in automation, robotics and measuring techniques,sensitivity and offset voltage testing in the hall-effect sensors made of graphene.
recent advances in computational intelligence,an update on effective patient monitoring and diagnosis of diseases in the current scenario.
recent advances in computational intelligence in defense and security,a granular intrusion detection system using rough cognitive networks.|bio-inspired topology control mechanism for unmanned underwater vehicles.|an improved decision system for url accesses based on a rough feature selection technique.|droidanalyst: synergic app framework for static and dynamic app analysis.|computational intelligence methods in forward-looking explosive hazard detection.
recent advances in computational optimization,experimental evaluation of pheromone structures for ant colony optimization: application to the robot skin wiring problem.
recent advances in computer vision,video similarity measurement and search.|scene classification using transfer learning.|facial features detection and localization.|deep ear recognition pipeline.|advances and trends in video face alignment.
recent advances in evolutionary computation for combinatorial optimization,search intensification in metaheuristics for solving the automatic frequency problem in gsm.
recent advances in formal languages and applications,some essentials of graph transformation.
recent advances in harmony search algorithm,harmony search optimization algorithm: application to a reconfigurable mobile robot prototype.|the application of harmony search in fourth-party logistics routing problems.|population variance harmony search algorithm to solve optimal power flow with non-smooth cost function.
recent advances in information hiding and applications,single bitmap block truncation coding of color images using cat swarm optimization.
recent advances in intelligent engineering systems,computational intelligence in multi-channel eeg signal analysis.|combating security threats via immunity and adaptability in cognitive radio networks.|webservice-based solution for an intelligent telecare system.
recent advances in nonlinear dynamics and synchronization,recent advances in nonlinear dynamics and synchronization: theory and applications
recent advances in swarm intelligence and evolutionary computation,globally convergent hybridization of particle swarm optimization using line search-based derivative-free techniques.
recent advances on hybrid approaches for designing intelligent systems,a new integer linear programming model for the cutwidth minimization problem of a connected undirected graph.
recent advances on hybrid intelligent systems,small hydroponics garden improved using cultural algorithms.
recent developments in computational collective intelligence,an approach to norms assimilation in normative multi-agent systems.
recent developments in the ordered weighted averaging operators,two methods for image compression/reconstruction using owa operators.
recognition of humans and their activities using video,recognition of humans and their activities using video
recognizing textual entailment: models and applications,recognizing textual entailment: models and applications
recommendation and search in social networks,the pareto principle is everywhere: finding informative sentences for opinion summarization through leader detection.
recommender systems for the social web,scorm and social recommendation: a web 2.0 approach to e-learning.
reconfigurable antennas,reconfigurable antennas
reconstruction-free compressive vision for surveillance applications,reconstruction-free compressive vision for surveillance applications
reduction of a ship's magnetic field signatures,reduction of a ship's magnetic field signatures
reflections on the history of computers in education,the rise of information and communication technology era in the israeli educational system.
reflections on the history of computing,information systems degrees in australia: the genesis.|the changing face of the history of computing: the role of emulation in protecting our digital heritage.
reflections on the teaching of programming,transitioning to oop/java - a never ending story.
regensberg,akzeptanz von bildschirmtext in unternehmungen und im markt: e. empir. unters. über d. durchsetzung innovativer kommunikationstechnologien im institutionellen bereich.
registration and recognition in images and videos,descriptor learning for omnidirectional image matching.
reimer,einheitliche auswertung krustenseismischer daten in westeuropa: darst. von krustenparametern u. laufzeitanomalien.|untersuchungen zur klassifizierung von gesteinsoberflächen auf landsat-aufnahmen mit hilfe von signatur- und texturparametern.
relational and xml data exchange,relational and xml data exchange
relativistic flight mechanics and space travel,relativistic flight mechanics and space travel
remote sensing image processing,remote sensing image processing
replicated data management for mobile computing,replicated data management for mobile computing
representation discovery using harmonic analysis,representation discovery using harmonic analysis
representation of multiple-valued logic functions,representation of multiple-valued logic functions
representation, inclusion, and innovation,representation, inclusion, and innovation: multidisciplinary explorations
representations and techniques for 3d object recognition and scene interpretation,representations and techniques for 3d object recognition and scene interpretation
representing and reasoning with qualitative preferences,representing and reasoning with qualitative preferences: tools and applications
resch,planung von anlagen mit rechnerdisponierten flurförderzeugen.|rechnergestützte planung von fts-anlagen.
research infrastructures for hardware accelerators,research infrastructures for hardware accelerators
researching learning in virtual worlds,design and delivery of game-based learning for virtual patients in second life: initial findings.
researching serendipity in digital information environments,researching serendipity in digital information environments
resilient architecture design for voltage variation,resilient architecture design for voltage variation
resistive random access memory (rram),resistive random access memory (rram)
resource management for big data platforms,parallel algorithms for multirelational data mining: application to life science problems.
resource-adaptive cognitive processes,the shopping experience of tomorrow: human-centered and resource-adaptive.
resource-oriented architecture patterns for webs of data,resource-oriented architecture patterns for webs of data
results of the improve project,work process models.
rethinking quaternions,rethinking quaternions
reversible digital watermarking: theory and practices,reversible digital watermarking: theory and practices
revolutionizing education with digital ink,a model and research agenda for teacher and student collaboration using pen-based tablets in digital media making in sub-saharan africa.
rewerse,four lessons in versatility or how query languages adapt to the web.|hybrid reasoning with rules and ontologies.
rfid explained,rfid explained: a primer on radio frequency identification
rfid security and privacy,rfid security and privacy
rhombos-verlag,sichere kommunikation zum schutz der privatsphäre durch identitätsmanagement.|anonymität für benutzer mobiler geräte durch ortsadressierung = anonymity for users of mobile devices through location addressing.
robot learning from human teachers,robot learning from human teachers
robotic systems for handling and assembly,design and implementation of new sensors and their integration in joints.|a communication architecture for distributed real-time robot control.
robotics and cognitive approaches to spatial mapping,cue and goal encoding in rodents: a source of inspiration for robotics?.
robust and online large-scale optimization,recoverable robustness in shunting and timetabling.|disruption management in passenger railway transportation.
robust control of dc-dc converters,robust control of dc-dc converters: the kharitonov's theorem approach with matlab® codes
robustness in econometrics,foreign direct investment, exports and economic growth in asean region: empirical analysis from panel data.
roderer,selbstorganisation funktioneller strukturen im primären visuellen kortex: ein neuronales netzwerk als modell aktivitätsabhängiger reifungsprozesse.|visuelle wahrnehmung und zeichenfunktion: untersuchung zur grundlage des kategorieneffekts bei der wahrnehmung von buchstaben und ziffern.|computer-animation: inhalt, ästhetik und potential einer neuen abbildungs-technik.|spieltheoretische konzepte zur untersuchung verallgemeinerter lotka-volterra-systeme.|beschreibung, klassifikation und mentale repräsentation komplexer mensch-computer-interaktion.|computer - ein bildungsproblem?: untersuchungen zum stellenwert von allgemeinbildung und zu grundlegenden bildungsansätzen vor dem hintergrund fortschreitender computerisierung.|das zwischending: die anthropomorphisierung und personifizierung des computers.|wissenserwerb und problemlösen bei der mensch-computer-interaktion: empirische untersuchungen zur handlungsorientierten gestaltung der benutzungsoberfläche an einem datenbankprototypen.|entwurf und implementierung eines graphischen animationsmoduls für das simulationssystem amtos: ein objektorientiertes modell unter besonderer berücksichtigung software-ergonomischer kriterien.|problemlösen, emotionen und kompetenz: d. überprüfung e. integrativen konstrukts.|erwerb von handlungskompetenz in der medizin durch multimediale lernsoftware: evaluation des virtuellen praktikums derma2000.|transsakkadische informationsverarbeitung im visuellen system: auswirkungen auf wahrnehmung und mustererkennung.|transfereffekte bei der bearbeitung computersimulierter problemszenarien.|konzepte und prototypen für die computergestützte kommunikation im hochschulbetrieb.|studien zur entwicklung und effektivität von computergestütztem fremdsprachenerwerb.
rombach,erzeugung und wiedergabe zeitabhängiger und inhaltsverzweigter datenströme.
rough sets and intelligent systems (1),professor zdzisław pawlak (1926-2006): founder of the polish school of artificial intelligence.
rough sets and intelligent systems (2),classifiers based on data sets and domain knowledge: a rough set approach.
rough-neural computing: techniques for computing with words,rough-neuro computing: an introduction.|a hybrid model for rule discovery in data.|an approach to imbalanced data sets based on changing rule strength.|rough neurons: petri net models and applications.|approximation transducers and trees: a technique for combining rough and crisp knowledge.
rsl,aspekte der interaktiven real-time 3d-landschaftsvisualisierung.
ruhr-univ., lehrstuhl für maschinenelemente u. fördertechnik,quasianaloger materialflusssimulator - ein instrument zur untersuchung von betriebsabläufen in komplexen fördertechnischen systemen.
rule extraction from support vector machines,rule extraction from svm for protein structure prediction.
rus,modellierung und integration wissenschaftlich-technischer anwendungen mit step.
rüegger,bootstrappen der fixpunktschätzfunktionen: theorie u. anwendungen.|ökonomie und spiele: die entstehungsgeschichte der spieltheorie aus dem blickwinkel des ökonomen oskar morgenstern.
s u. w, steuer- u. wirtschaftsverl.,software-bilanzierung: die prüfung der "unfertigen leistungen" eines softwareherstellers im rahmen der jahresabschlussprüfung.
s und w, steuer- und wirtschaftsverlag,information-management mit hypermedia-konzepten: konzepte und lösungsmöglichkeiten für integriertes personal-information-management von fach- und führungskräften mit pws-basierten hypertext-/hypermediasystemen.
safety and security in multiagent systems,safety and security in multiagent systems - research results from 2004-2006
sand + soda publ.,dynamic compilation for functional programs.
scalability challenges in web search engines,scalability challenges in web search engines
scalable optimization via probabilistic modeling,effective and reliable online classification combining xcs with eda mechanisms.|design of parallel estimation of distribution algorithms.|a survey of probabilistic model building genetic programming.
scalable processing of spatial-keyword queries,scalable processing of spatial-keyword queries
scheduling and congestion control for wireless and processing networks,scheduling and congestion control for wireless and processing networks
schellenberg,die berücksichtigung der revisionsanforderungen in der edv-systementwicklung.
schelzky und jeep,altlasten und grundwasser: ein expertensystem zur einschätzung und bewertung des gefährdungspotentials von altablagerungen.
schiele und schön,kommunikationshilfen für schwerstbehinderte: untersuchungen zum einsatz von technischen kommunikationshilfen unter besonderer berücksichtigung von personal computern.
schmidt-römhild,didaktische kriterien zur strukturierung von bedienungsanleitungen: eine exemplarische analyse von software-bedienungsanleitungen.|hypertextbasierte softwaredokumentation: eine experimentelle untersuchung zur rezeption.
schott,musiknotation: von d. syntax d. notenstichs zum edv-gesteuerten notensatz.
schuch,computergestützte kommunikation am arbeitsplatz: die aneignung neuer kommunikationstechniken in organisationen am beispiel von electronic mail.|flag numbers and quotients of convex polytopes.
schulthess,das recht auf akteneinsicht: der verfassungsmässige anspruch auf akteneinsicht und seine querverbindungen zum datenschutz - unter besonderer berücksichtigung der elektronischen datenverarbeitung.|elektronische signaturen und haftung der anbieter von zertifizierungsdiensten: eine darstellung am beispiel der regelungen in der eu, deutschland, grossbritannien und der schweiz.|die weitergabe von standard-software: rechtsschutz d. programmschöpfers gegen vertragspartner u. dritte.
schulthess, polygraph. verlag,telearbeit: organisationsformen - rechtsformen.|der urheberrechtliche schutz von computerprogrammen: e. problemorientierte unters. d. werkbegriffs nach schweizer. u. internat. urheberrecht.|das informationssystem als element des controlling: konkretisiert am beispiel der privatwirtschaftlichen dienstleistungsunternehmung.|beschränkungen von grenzüberschreitenden datenflüssen im bankbereich: datenexportbeschränkungen im recht der schweiz, der brd und der usa.|edv-beratungsverträge.|das datenschutzgesetz im privatbereich: unter besonderer berücksichtigung seiner motivationalen grundlage.|rechtsschutz von datenbanken: (eu - usa - schweiz).|die vertragsbeziehungen zwischen edv-anbieter und edv-anwender bei der gemeinsamen entwicklung von branchensoftware: anwendungsfall der einfachen gesellschaft.|informationssicherheit: rechtliche grundlagen und anforderungen an die praxis.|erwerb einer edv-problemlösung für personal-computer.|der softwareherstellungsvertrag.|software-controlling.
schulthess, polygraphischer verlag,risikofolgeverteilung bei informatikprojekten: haftung für softwaremängel bei planung und realisierung von informationssystemen unter besonderer darstellung der rechtsnatur des entwicklungsvertrages für informationssysteme.|automatisierte rechtsanwendung und rechtsdokumentation: zur eignung von rechtssystemen für d. anwendung mittels elektron. datenverarbeitung.|le droit d'accès et de contestation dans le traitement des données personnelles: étude de base en droit privé suisse et américain.
schulz-kirchner,computergestützte projektinformationssysteme: grundlagen e. anwendungsbezogenen gestaltung mit bes. berücks. d. grossanlagenbaus.|computerunterstützte ökonometrische modellerstellung in lehre und forschung: konzeption u. realisierung e. integrativen ansatzes.|electronic servicing: wirkungsanalyse innovativer i&k-technologien im dienstleistungsbereich.|computergestützte zeitreihenprognose mit linear-rekursiven modellen.
schwartz,electronic mail und organisation: partizipation, mikropolitik und soziale integration von kommunikationsmedien.
schweikert,toolboxen: ein konzept für das design von cscw-systemen zur unterstützung von kommunikation und zusammenarbeit in innovationsprojekten.
schweitzer,inpol und sta: zum abrufrecht der staatsanwaltschaften aus polizeilichen datenspeichern.|informationstechnologie und datenschutz: auswirkungen, reformforderungen.|regelkreismodelle des rechts: unters. zur übertragung kybernet. modellvorstellungen auf d. recht.
schweizerbart,fehlerquellen in raumbezogenen informationssystemen: quantifizierung und minimierung am beispiel des niedersächsischen informationssystems ; mit 7 tabellen.
schwäbische verlag-gesellschaft,entwicklung und optimierung eines gehirn-computer-interfaces mit langsamen hirnpotentialen.
schück,management der strassenerhaltung: grundlagen - thesen - strategien.
science fiction prototyping: designing the future with science fiction,science fiction prototyping: designing the future with science fiction
scs,conjoint simulation: a modeling framework for combined performance and dependability analysis of computer systems.
search user interface design,search user interface design
search-based applications: at the confluence of search and database technologies,search-based applications: at the confluence of search and database technologies
secumedia-verlag,integrierte sicherheitskonzeptionen für unternehmen: stand und perspektiven.
secure and trustworthy service composition,security and trustworthiness threats to composite services: taxonomy, countermeasures, and research directions.
secure data management in decentralized systems,optimizing tree pattern queries over secure xml databases.|rule-based policy specification.
secure electronic voting,secure electronic voting: the current landscape.
secure localization and time synchronization for wireless sensor and ad hoc networks,distance bounding protocols: authentication logic analysis and collusion attacks.|robust wireless localization: attacks and defenses.|node localization using mobile robots in delay-tolerant sensor networks.
secure multi-party computation,complexity of multi-party computation functionalities.
secure sensor cloud,secure sensor cloud
security and dependability for ambient intelligence,representation of security and dependability solutions.
security and privacy in the internet of things,the sofie approach to address the security and privacy of the iot using interledger technologies.
security and privacy preserving in social networks,social semantic network-based access control.
security and trust in online social networks,security and trust in online social networks
security basics for computer architects,security basics for computer architects
security informatics,etknet: a distributed network system for sharing event data and multi-faceted knowledge in a collaboration federation.
selected asymptotic methods with applications to electromagnetics and antennas,selected asymptotic methods with applications to electromagnetics and antennas
selected results of the cost action ic1405,foundations of reversible computation.
selected topics in nonlinear dynamics and theoretical electrical engineering,on the synchronization of 1d and 2d multi-scroll chaotic oscillators.
self-aware computing systems,self-aware hardware acceleration of financial applications on a heterogeneous cluster.
self-organising software,holonic multi-agent systems.|middleware infrastructures for self-organising pervasive computing systems.
semantic breakthrough in drug discovery,semantic breakthrough in drug discovery
semantic digital libraries,community-aware ontologies.|jeromedl: the social semantic digital library.
semantic e-science,developing ontologies within decentralised settings.
semantic hyper/multimedia adaptation,an individual differences approach in designing ontologies for efficient personalization.
semantic mining of social networks,semantic mining of social networks
semantic relations between nominals,semantic relations between nominals
semantic role labeling,semantic role labeling
semantic similarity from natural language and ontology analysis,semantic similarity from natural language and ontology analysis
semantics empowered web 3.0,semantics empowered web 3.0: managing enterprise, social, sensor, and cloud-based data and services for advanced applications
semantics in adaptive and personalized services,an adaptive mechanism for author-reviewer matching in online peer assessment.
semantics in mobile sensing,semantics in mobile sensing
semi-supervised learning and domain adaptation in natural language processing,semi-supervised learning and domain adaptation in natural language processing
semiotic engineering methods for scientific research in hci,semiotic engineering methods for scientific research in hci
semprom,a robotic platform for building and exploiting digital product memories.|the semprom data format.|supporting interaction with digital product memories.
sensor analysis for the internet of things,sensor analysis for the internet of things
sensory organ replacement and repair,sensory organ replacement and repair
sentiment analysis and ontology engineering,context aware customer experience management: a development framework based on ontologies and computational intelligence.
sequential monte carlo methods for nonlinear discrete-time filtering,sequential monte carlo methods for nonlinear discrete-time filtering
service orientation in holonic and multi agent manufacturing and robotics,extraction of automation system engineering knowledge for mapping plant and simulation interfaces.
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing,coupling predictive scheduling and reactive control in manufacturing: state of the art and future challenges.
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing and robotics,extraction of priority rules for boolean induction in distributed manufacturing control.|the role of distributed intelligence in warehouse management systems.|supply chain management using multi-agent systems in the agri-food industry.|a generic service system activity model with event-driven operation reconfiguring capability.|farm management information system as ontological level in a digital business ecosystem.|qlm messaging standards: introduction and comparison with existing messaging protocols.|optimized location discovery algorithm for cooperative activities of a robot team.
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing control,service oriented control framework for a holonic system characterized by a guided flow of entities.|a service-oriented approach for holonic manufacturing control and beyond.
service-fachverl.,risikomanagement für informationssysteme.|controlling-standardsoftware: anforderungen - auswahl - implementierung.|witut - ein wissensbasiertes cai-system für volkswirtschaftslehre.|neuronale netze und preismanagement.|thesen für ein eg-konformes und modernes telekommunikationsrecht des beitrittswerbers österreich = tesis para un derecho de telecomunicaciones austriaco moderno y conforme a las normas comunitarias.
service-fachverlag,expertenschätzungen in touristischen entscheidungsunterstützungssystemen.
services computing for language resources,gaming for language services.
sets and extensions in the twentieth century,russell's orders in kripke's theory of truth and computational type theory.|alternative set theories.
sfb 393,parallel multilevel preconditioners for thin shell problems.
sfps, wiss. fachverl.,beiträge zur modellierung und analyse von multi-service-kommunikationssystemen.
shaker,the impact of controlled-mobility helper nodes on the performance of challenged networks.|methodik zur verbesserung der ergebnisqualität bei der it-gestützten fabrikplanung im rahmen der digitalen fabrik.|ein modulares column generation framework zur effizienten entwicklung von crew scheduling software: konzeption - design - anwendungen.|spatiotemporal structuring of compressed videos based on motion information.|entwicklung eines wissensbasierten systems zur beurteilung von sternpunkterdung.|konzeption und umsetzung einer plattform zur rechnerverwaltung und auftragsentwicklung für heterogene clustersysteme.|metrik-basierte auswertung von software-entwicklungsarchiven zur prozessbewertung.|context-aware service provisioning in converging networks.|softwareunterstützung für adaptive ehome-systeme.|adaptive dienstsuche in wireless-mesh-netzwerken.|erweiterung von unüberwachten lernmethoden durch probabilistische ansätze zur kontextbasierten situations- und aktionsanalyse in kognitiven systemen.|radio access network planning and optimization of hybrid cellular and broadcasting systems.|systemmodell-basierte definition objektbasierter modellierungssprachen mit semantischen variationspunkten.|situationsspezifische und proaktive datenverteilung am beispiel des verteilten umgebungsmodells für fahrzeugsoftware.|constraintbasierte testdatenermittlung für automatisierungssoftware auf grundlage von signalflussplänen.|zur entwicklungsgeschichte und ästhetik des digitalen bildes: vom traditionellen immersionsmedien zum computerspiel.|virtual-reality-basierte analyse und interaktive steuerung von strömungssimulationen im bauingenieurwesen.|computer-generierte hologramme, ihre erstellung und impulsabformung.|framework for a service-oriented measurement infrastructure.|efficient and secure end-to-end mobility support in ipv6.|"narrative realitäten": informationspräsentation über multimediales, programmiertes geschichtenerzählen.|combining raster- and vector-representations for image and geometry processing applications.|prozeßorganisation und workflow-management: organisationstheoretisches konzept und informationstechnische umsetzung|generierung interaktiver animationen für den übersetzerbau.|modularisierte softwareplattformen für mobile endgeräte in rundfunknetzen.|multi-objective evolutionary algorithms: data structures, convergence, and diversity.|efficient data structures for distributed and mobile geometry processing.|towards meshless volume visualization.|trader-basiertes dienstmanagement in offenen dienstmärkten.|wolfram - a word level framework for formal verification and its application.|learning and imitation in heterogeneous robot groups.|transformation knowledge in pattern analysis with kernel methods: distance and integration kernels.|methoden zur fahrbahnranderkennung für fahrerassistenzsysteme.|ein hochgeschwindigkeits-vernetzungselement für eine flexible parallelrechnerarchitektur.|rechnergestützte auftragsabwicklung an einem praxisbeispiel.|group and session management for collaborative applications.|cellular neural networks: stability, dynamics and design methods.|incremental learning of self-organizing variable topology neural networks.|strukturinformation bei der beschreibung monadischer np-probleme.|modellierung und simulation von fußgängerverkehr: entwicklung mathematischer ansätze für soziale kräfte und navigationsgraphen.|ein idealisierter digitaler atlas des gehirns: entwicklung und konzeption unter berücksichtigung eines proportionalen referenzsystems.|rationale bézier-kurven und bézier-flächenstücke auf dupinschen zykliden.|subexponential class group computation in quadratic orders.|engpaßanalyse in offenen rechnernetzen.|spectral voice conversion based on locally linear transformation rules for vocal tract characteristics.|kommunikation in hierarchischen speichersystemen.|state event logic.|verschränkte zustände in quantennetzwerken.|integration serieller feldbussysteme in hochdynamische regelkreise.|eine objekt-orientierte speicherverwaltungseinheit für den bereich der prozessdatenverarbeitung.|objektorientierte methode zur entwicklung von produktmodellen als basis integrierter ingenieursysteme.|pragmatisch-situative wissensrepräsentation - ein baustein für das wissensmanagement.|strukturelle konsistenz und regularisierung von vhdl-ams-modellen.|multiplikatoren zur analyse der robusten regelgüte bezüglich der signalamplituden.|optimierung der bedienzeit von mausgesteuerten grafischen mensch-maschine-schnittstellen.|effizientes online-training neuronaler netzwerke.|entwurf von datenpfaden in schnellen integrierten schaltungen.|a mathematical study of self-organizing neural networks.|verfahren zur inhaltsanalyse, zur indizierung und zum vergleich von digitalen videosequenzen.|on-line-unterschriftenanalyse zur benutzerverifikation.|a secure open in-vehicle platform.|investigation of 3d-imaging systems based on modulated light and optical rf-interferometry (orfi).|ein agentenbasiertes micropaymentsystem.|informationsgewinnung und -verarbeitung in nichtlinearen dynamischen systemen.|spezifikations- und meßmethodik für ein adaptives dienstgütemanagment.|analysis and synthesis of interactive component and connector systems.|ein beitrag für ein neutrales informationsmodell zur integration parametrisch arbeitender cad-systeme.|multicast-kommunikation in kooperativen multimedia-systemen.|sprachcodierung bei sehr niedrigen bitraten unter verwendung verlustbehafteter und verlustloser interblock-codes.|skelettierung und segmentierung handgeschriebener zeichen.|prioritized justification based nonmonotonic logic and its applications.|communication security for distributed mixed-criticality systems.|spezifikation eines dezentralen telematiksystems zur ökonomisch wirksamen erhebung von strassenbenutzungsabgaben.|untersuchungen zum einsatz heuristischer und mathematischer methoden bei der rechnergestützten aufstellungsplanung von chemieanlagen.|relaxationsverfahren in der mustererkennung: ein allgemeiner ansatz.|mehrdimensionale voting-methoden zum design fehlertoleranter computernetzwerke.|zur effizienz der beweissuche in der logikverarbeitung.|neuronale netze zur regelung verfahrenstechnischer anlagen.|objekterkennung mit einem aktiven 3d-robotersensorsystem.|untersuchungen zur skalierbaren kompression von bildsequenzen bei niedrigen bitraten unter verwendung der dyadischen wavelet-transformation.|ein werkzeug zur leistungsbewertung von echtzeit-rechensystemen.|administration von workflow-management-lösungen.|entwicklung eines webbasierten berechnungs- und gestaltungssystems für kurvengetriebe zur unterstützung der verteilten produktentwicklung.|realisierung von multisensoranwendungen mit vernetzten logischen sensoren und aktoren.|key management for compressive sensing based cryptographic mechanisms.|optimierung tippverhaltensbasierter, biometrischer verfahren im umfeld kurzer eingabetexte.|model-based architecting and optimization of distributed integrated modular avionics.|ultrasound flow computation in two and three dimensions.|towards bio-inspired solutions for underwater multi-robot communication and exploration.|rekonstruktion und modellierung von flächen aus tiefenbildern.|an agent based integrated service platform for wireless and mobile environments.|mobile augmented/virtual reality interface design and evaluation.|funktionsdefinition und methodenspezialisierung durch gleichungen in einer typhierarchie.|a software architecture for next generation routers.|analysis and design of turbo code interleavers.|rapid prototyping heterogener echtzeitsysteme für die mechatronik.|automatische erkennung von gestörten sprachsignalen.|learning strategies for infinite games.|ein beitrag zur automatisierten 2d-3d-rekonstruktion von baugruppen auf basis einer merkmalsinterpretation.|performance-guaranteed resource allocation in wireless communication systems.|modellierung von sprechweisen für widrige kommunikationsbedingungen mit anwendung auf die sprachsynthese.|entscheidungsfindung mit unscharfen mengen.|wissensbasierte ablaufsteuerung des konstruktionsprozesses.|konstruktionsarbeitsräume als grundlage zur integrierten produktmodellierung.|anwendung des synergetischen computers auf die erkennung mimischer ausdrücke.|prozeßdatengestützte modellbildung des banddickenprofils beim dünnbandgießen nach dem zweirollenverfahren.|schemaübersetzung durch optimierende kombination partiell anwendbarer elementarer transformationsverfahren.|formale modellierung, informationsanalyse und lösungskonzepte zum constraint-paradigma.|single assignment c: entwurf und implementierung einer funktionalen c-variante mit spezieller unterstützung shape-invarianter array-operationen.|optischer codevielfachzugriff in lokalen netzen.|transinstitutionelle informationssystem-architekturen in vernetzten kooperativen versorgungsformen des gesundheitswesens.|personalisierte volltextsuche mit partiellen ordnungen.|verfahren zur klassifikation melanozytärer tumoren mit hilfe der digitalen farbbildanalyse.|monticore: efficient development of composed modeling language essentials.|integration externer dienstleister in den leistungserstellungsprozess der betrieblichen informationsverarbeitung.|zustandsabhängige sicherheitsspezifikationen und ihre durchsetzung.|ein ansatz zur formalen repräsentation und automatisierten generierung graphischer benutzeroberflächen.|statistische klassifizierung in hochdimensionalen merkmalsräumen: ein paralleler lokaler klassifikator.|ein beitrag zur organisation verteilter objekt-orientierter systeme in der echtzeitdatenverarbeitung.|kryptologische aspekte digitaler signaturen und elektronischer wahlen.|visual support for query specification and data mining.|entwicklung eines konzeptes zur spezifikation standardisierter leistungsparameter im rahmen einer industrialisierten software-bereitstellung.|beschreibung nichtlinearer systeme durch wiener-modelle mit orthonormalen funktionen und tabellen-abbildungen.|bestimmung von gesichtsmerkmalen zur automatischen gesichtserkennung in der zugangskontrolle.|reaktive steuerung einer sechsbeinigen laufmaschine in unbekannter umgebung.|system- und subjekttheoretisches denken in der betriebswirtschaftlichen personallehre: dargestellt am beispiel des betrieblichen einsatzes von sogenannter "künstlicher intelligenz".|entwicklung eines hochauflösenden bildverarbeitungssystems auf basis eines parallelrechners zur bestimmung von diffusionskoeffizienten durch holographische interferometrie.|effiziente methoden für global verteiltes wissenschaftliches rechnen.|reflexive konfigurationsverwaltung in einer objektorientierten verteilten umgebung.|an extensible component & connector architecture description infrastructure for multi-platform modeling.|informationssystem für das technologiemanagement.|neue techniken zur werkzeugunterstützten leistungsoptimierung von datenparallelen programmen.|die topologisch interpolierende selbstorganisierende karte in der funktionsapproximation.|photorealistic visualization techniques for using spatial augmented reality in the design process.|ein beitrag zur prozessgetriebenen informationslogistik durch kontextorientiertes domänenübergreifendes wissensmanagement.|ternäre schaltungstechnik: entwurf am beispiel eines filterprozessors und streng ternärer basiszellen.|change impact analysis support for software development processes.|evolutionäre synthese neuronaler netze unter verwendung von graph-grammatiken.|ein massenspeicher mit höherer logischer schnittstelle: entwurf und analyse.|generierung domänenspezifischer transformationssprachen.|model-based engineering for energy-efficient operation of factory automation systems within non-productive phases.|parallele implementierung der funktional-logischen programmiersprache babel.|co-simulation based performance evaluation of ict infrastructures for smart grids.|adaptive lehr- und lernsysteme zur unterstützung der praktischen ausbildung an erp-systemen.|generische spezifikation betrieblicher anwendungssysteme.|a compiler for application specific processor arrays.|ein beitrag zur begriffswelt der schaffung programmierter systeme.|methodische entwicklung flexibler interaktiver software.|sanierung und migration von softwarealtsystemen.|methodology for the development of microprocessor based safety critical systems.|reference architecture for smart environmental information systems: refseiss.|ein paralleles verfahren zur verifizierten globalen optimierung.|domain models of typed lambda calculi: towards a theory of concurrency in typed functional setting.|wissenserwerb durch computerunterstützte kooperation: verhandlungsunterstützung als weg zum konsens.|verfahren der sequentiellen merkmalsanalyse für die mustererkennung.|analyse des frobenius-perron-operators und korrelationstheorie stückweise linearer zeitdiskreter chaotischer systeme.|konzepte zur ressourcenverwaltung für wissenschaftlich-technische anwendungen in verteilten rechensystemen.|software-gestützte optimierung der energieeffizienz von gebäuden und technischen anlagen.|automotive software: prozesse, modelle und variabilität.|error assessment with approximate inverses in linear system solving with application to stopping criteria for iterative methods.|zoom-techniken zur benutzerunterstützung.|speicherdimensionierung hybrider atm-koppelelemente.|systematischer entwurf fast-zeitoptimaler fuzzy-regelungen.|pattern discovery in biology and strings sorting: theory and experimentation / ezekiel adebiyi.|methods to create, retrieve and apply cross-domain problem solutions: a problem-oriented pattern management approach.|automatische erkennung von unkrautarten im keimblattstadium mit digitaler bildverarbeitung.|agiles informationsmanagement : vorgehensmodell für die agile entwicklung von informations- und kommunikationssystemen.|entwicklung eines verbesserten sprachcodecs für das gsm-vollraten-mobilfunknetz.|learning periodic signals with recurrent neural networks.|multicarrier modulation for broadband return channels in cable tv networks.|algorithm architecture trade offs in network processor design.|interface lifecycle management on enterprise landscape level.|eine softwareplattform mit nutzungskontext-sensitiver, multimodaler benutzerschnittstelle für mobile endgeräte.|referenzdatenfreie entzerrung und kanalschätzung auf der basis von statistik höherer ordnung.|measuring purchasing and supply management efficiency: a complex event processing approach based on total cost of ownership and activity-based costing.|authentisierung von produktdaten unter besonderer berücksichtigung von step.|modellierung von unsicherheiten in dynamischen bayes-netzen zur qualitativen gebäudeerkennung.|synthese versus analyse in modellbasierten ki-planungssystemen: diakon - ein auto-adaptiver diagnostischer lösungsansatz für aktionsplanungs- und konfigurierungssysteme.|systematisches projektieren und testen von steuerungssoftware für werkzeugmaschinen.|continuous d-cones: convexity and powerdomain constructions.|design and evaluation of job scheduling strategies for grid computing.|automated management of distributed systems.|a flexible multi-processor system-on-a-chip architecture for safety- and security-critical applications.|konzept und realisierung einer allgemeinen parametrisierungsstrategie von systemmodellen unter besonderer berücksichtigung der wiederverwendbarkeit.|beitrag zu einer methodik zur entwicklung eines werkergerechten elearning-systems am beispiel der ausbildung koordinatenmesstechnik.|ein beitrag zur heuristisch-numerischen energieintegration chemischer prozesse.|digital watermaking and fingerprinting of uncompressed and compressed video.|ein expertensystem zur beurteilung von explosionsgefahren und zur auswahl von explosionsschutzmassnahmen bei staubverarbeitenden anlagen.|informationsübertragung im strassenverkehr mit passiven, batterielosen mikrowellen-transpondern.|accounting for privacy in the cloud computing landscape.|entwurf und analyse kryptographisch sicherer keystreamgeneratoren zur stromverschlüsselung.|ein erkennungssystem für fliessende sprache in neuronaler architektur.|untersuchungen zur effizienten interpolierenden speicherung von nichtlinearen prozeßmodellen und vorsteuerstrategien: methodik und anwendungen in der automobilelektronik.|aktive bildverarbeitung.|bewegungserkennung und bewegungsanalyse mit dem synergetischen computer.|discrete time performance analysis of finite-capacity queueing models for atm multiplexers.|entwicklung eines autorenunterstützenden systems zur nachhaltigen sicherstellung der barrierefreiheit im internet auf der grundlage von open-source-software.|fast longest prefix matching: algorithms, analysis, and applications.|bildverbesserung von time-of-flight-tiefenkarten.|protein-design in machina: künstliche neuronale netze und simulierte molekulare evolution.|placement driven high level synthesis.|spracherkennung mit rekurrenten neuronalen netzwerken.|verifikation digitaler schaltungen mittels symbolischer simulation.|automatische gewinnung von merkmalen und klassifizierungseigenschaften für produkte auf basis eines integrierten produktmodells.|lippenmodellierung zur merkmalsgewinnung für die audio-visuelle spracherkennung.|integration von analytischem und heuristischem wissen in ein system zur experimentellen modellbildung.|der einsatz von informations- und kommunikationstechnologie bei nahrungsmittelallergie.|logische programmierung und wissensbasierte systeme: eine einführung.|multi-object tracking and person analysis from mobile robot platforms.|sicherheit bei der betriebsdatenerfassung: modifizierung der fmea für den betriebsdatenerfassungsprozess.|trust-aware agents for self-organising computing systems.|nachweisbare authentikation für zukünftige mobilfunksysteme.|konzeption eines sustainability customer relationship managements (suscrm) für anbieter nachhaltiger mobilität.|real time finite elements: a parallel computer application.|a new technique for deterministic scan based built in self test (bist).|verfahren zur schaltungspartitionierung für die parallele logiksimulation.|service management in a telecom environment based on active network technology.|emulationsbasierte analyse von multiprozessorsystemen für multimedia-anwendungen.|periodischer verkehr in atm-netzen.|ein meta-modell für die definition der semantik von komplexen ereignissen in aktiven datenbankmanagementsystemen.|über die theorie und entwicklung von lernverfahren für feedforward-netze.|anwendungsorientierte leistungsprädiktion und bewertung von detektionsverfahren.|lokale stützstrukturen zur transformationspassung von bildern.|sangria - secure anonymous group infrastructure.|werkzeuge für die rechnerunterstützte konstruktion auf der basis autonomer wissensdarstellungsformen.|temporallogische programmierung in einer objektorientierten umgebung.|entwicklung eines simulationsgestützten optimierungsmodells zur planung flexibler produktionssysteme: ein beitrag zur effizienzsteigerung bei der durchführung von planungsprojekten.|sprachsegmente in der spektralanalyse: parameter zur präzisierung der sprechererkennung auf der grundlage der spektralen intensitätsverteilung.|qualitätsmanagement bei der software-entwicklung in medizinischer physik und technik.|ein praktikables und optimales einplanungsverfahren für heterogene mehrprozessorsystme.|performance parameters and workload models.|event flow architectures for embedded systems.|ein beitrag zur anonymität in kommunikationsnetzen.|hierarchische kompositionale synthese von steuerungen für reaktive systeme.|ökonometrisches modell- und methodenbanksystem: konzeption und implementierung unter besonderer berücksichtigung der software-wiederverwendbarkeit.|program verification in synthetic domain theory.|beschreibung programmierter systeme mittels hierarchien intuitiv verständlicher modelle.|secure information exchange in organisations: an approach for solving the information misuse problem.|entwurf und implementierung eines simulators für fertigungssysteme.|decision support in contract formation for commercial electronic services with international connection.|formale beschreibung und automatisierte verifikation von sequentiellem hardwareverhalten auf der basis von logik höherer ordnung.|objection - eine entwicklungsumgebung für anwendungsspezifische widgets.|neue medien im medizinstudium: mehrwert durch multimedia im aachener hirnkurs.|wissensbasierte erkennung und lokalisierung von objekten.|exploiting multi-core systems for parallel network simulation.|ein modell zur spezifikation zeitbasierter multimedialer dialoge.|information technology combinations decision model for supply chains information systems integration.|digitale signaturverfahren auf der basis des diskreten logarithmusproblems und ihre anwendungen.|effiziente algorithmen für fluss- und reihenfolgeplanungsprobleme.|schematransformationen in objektorientierten informationssystemen.|geometrie-basierte suche ähnlicher bauteile.|ein feingranulares koordinationsprotokoll zum design objektorientierter schemata.|beiträge zur flächenmodellierung und -bearbeitung.|ein dezentrales agentensystem unter berücksichtigung von mehrseitiger sicherheit.|design and analysis of architectures for stereo vision.|effiziente anfrageauswertung in objektorientierten datenbanken: optimierungskonzepte für eine kalkülbasierte sprache.|rechnergestützte qualitätssicherungsmassnahmen beim metall-schutzgasschweissen.|softwarebasierte echtzeitverarbeitung von videosignalen durch skalierbare priority processing algorithmen.|strongly secure authenticated key exchange in the standard model.|eine musterbasierte methode zur domänenspezifischen modellierung und generierung von softwarekomponenten.|instrumental quality estimation for synthesized speech signals.|der bau von software-entwicklungsumgebungen mit hilfe von nicht-standard-datenbanken.|analysen und konzepte zu architekturen für applikationsspezifische i/0-prozessoren.|figaro: a framework for gesture-based interface development.|optimierung digitaler schaltungen durch partitionierung und resynthese.|über die beschreibung und optimierung verteilter automatisierungssysteme.|blockcodedarstellung von faltungscodes.|digitale simulation in der elektrochemie mit der methode der finiten elemente.|netzwerkmanagement mit programmierbaren, kooperierenden agenten.|a generic calculus of transformations.|eine temporale logik der prozesse.|explorative entwicklung informationstechnischer innovationen: systementwürfe von therapie- und alltagshilfen für menschen mit demenz.|ein beratungssystem zur planung von entsorgungsmassnahmen.|untersuchung neuer, gestenbasierter methoden für die 3d-interaktion.|leistungsanalyse und optimierung sicherer rechnernetze.|model-based cross-design for wireless networked control systems with limited resources: modellgestütztes cross-design für funkbasierte regelungssysteme mit beschränkten ressourcen.|the trace model for spatial invariance with applications in structured pattern recognition, image patch matching and incremental visual tracking.|zum einsatz von policies im netz-, system- und dienstmanagement.|flexible und skalierbare dienstgütemechanismen für das internet der nächsten generation.|composite device computing environment: a context aware augmentation of handheld devices by surrounding resources.|relational concept analysis: semantic structures in dictionaries and lexical databases.|entwicklung von verfahren zur interaktiven simulation minimal-invasiver operationsmethoden.|informations- und dokumentationssystem für das prozessorientierte qualitätsmanagement.|image compression by microtexture synthesis.|routing for supporting real-time applications in high-speed networks.|implementierung paralleler numerischer verfahren mit algorithmischen skeletten.|a multi-resolution based framework for the analysis of line drawing images.|dynamik von daten und funktionen: eine empirische erhebung zu ihren änderungshäufigkeiten in kaufmännischen anwendungssystemen.|bewegungsgekoppelte segmentierung in technischen und biologischen systemen.|animationen und explorationstechniken zur unterstützung der chirurgischen operationsplanung.|evaluation von prosodie.|content-addressable network for distributed simulations.|combining static analysis of java libraries with dynamic optimization.|ein programmiersystem zur graphisch strukturierten erstellung von roboterprogrammen und programmieroberflächen.|ein dynamisch fehlertolerantes, echtzeitfähiges und verteiltes rechensystem: mehrrechnersystem zur tolerierung von transienten, intermittierenden und permanenten fehlern.|eine domänenspezifische sprache zur analyse von software-verfolgbarkeitsinformationen.|mehrpunktbasierende lan-integrationsstrategien in digitalen telekommunikationsanlagen.|minimierung der fehlereinflüsse auf die parameterschätzung von bildkonturen.|nonlinear system identification with local linear neuro-fuzzy models.|bewegungskoordination und steuerung einer zweibeinigen gehmaschine.|3d-digitalisierung und rekonstruktion realer objekte unter berücksichtigung der sensorgeometrie.|the k-center problem and r-independent sets: a study in probabilistic analysis.|netzwerkmodellierung und simulation plastischer prozesse am beispiel der vestibulären kompensation.|on the approximability of location and network design problems.|neuronale netze zur datenanalyse bei der suche nach dem higgs-boson.|untersuchungen zu einer systematischen leistungssteigerung in der modellbasierten bildfolgenauswertung.|strukturfindung von prädiktionssystemen: multiexpertensysteme und evolutionsstrategien.|instrumentelle verfahren zur sprachqualitätsschätzung: modelle auditiver tests.|rapid prototyping in der use-case-zentrierten anforderungsanalyse.|eine integrierte dienstmanagement-architektur für die qualitätsgesicherte bereitstellung von netz- und systemdiensten.|updates and query processing in a mediator architecture.|lehren und lernen in der virtuellen universität: konzepte, erfahrungen, evaluation.|compact modeling of microsystems.|simulation emotionaler sprechweise mit sprachsynthesesystemen.|thermisches verhalten und emuliertes online temperatur-monitorsystem (etmon) für das fpga-prototyping von multiprozessor-architekturen.|ein beitrag zur identifikation dynamischer systeme mit anwendungen bei der rissfrüherkennung an rotoren und ersatzmodellbildung eines energieversorgungsnetzes.|fuzzy arithmetical methods for possibilistic uncertainty analysis.|codierung für ds-cdma-systeme.|combination of queueing networks and generalized stochastic petri nets.|modellbasierte gestaltung der benutzungsschnittstelle autonomer produktionszellen.|variantentechnologie unter besonderer berücksichtigung von elektrotechnik-cad.|agile modellgetriebene entwicklung von software security & privacy.|fokussierte und verteilte aufmerksamkeit in der suche nach cad-menüoptionen.|risikoanalyse von systemen bei elektromagnetischer störbeaufschlagung.|entwurf und leistungsbewertung von ad-hoc-kommunikationsnetzen für den katastrophenschutz.|operation-based model recommenders.|verschlüsselung mit statistischer selbstsynchronisation und ihre anwendung in sdh-netzen.|signalbasierte qualitätsregelkreise zur technischen diagnose.|parameterraumoptimierung für diktiersysteme mit unbeschränktem vokabular.|modellbildung und simulation in einem expertensystem zur konfigurierung hydrostatischer mobilantriebe.|autorensysteme und ihre potenzen für die fremdsprachenausbildung.|koordination einer standortbezogen verteilten produktionsplanung und -steuerung auf der basis von standard-pps-systemen.|e-unifikation für primitiv-rekursive baumfunktionen: semantik und implementierung.|interoperability of distributed checkpointing and debugging tools.|migration patterns between germany and turkey: an agent-based model.|lernverfahren zur sprecherverifikation.|load management techniques in distributed heterogeneous systems.|dynamic protocol stacks.|planning with knowledge about types and goal orderings.|parallele verfahren zur automatischen layoutsynthese integrierter schaltungen.|ganzheitlich vernetzte fehlerprävention im software-entwicklungsprozess: ermittlung und nutzung der wesentlichen einflussfaktoren und ihren wechselwirkungen zur optimierung der softwarequalität.|untersuchungen zu elliptischen antwortkonstruktionen in relation zu entsprechenden fragesätzen in automatischen natürlichsprachigen auskunftssystemen.|software reuse based upon architectural knowledge.|numerical accuracy analysis in simulations on hybrid high-performance computing systems.|effiziente entscheidungsverfahren zur e-unifikation.|ein neues konzept zur integrierten cim-informationsverwaltung und seine realisierung am beispiel eines cad- und objektbanksystems.|multi-frame motion compensated prediction for video transmission.|flexible run time support for real time computing.|modifizierte selbstorganisierende karten und ihre anwendungen.|entwicklungsbegleitende leistungsbewertung.|objektorientierte simulation: ein neues konzept zur simulation diskreter systeme.|funkübertragung von audiosignalen mit prädiktiver soft-decision-dekodierung.|ein wissensbasiertes system für die durchführung von systematischen sicherheitsbetrachtungen bei verfahrenstechnischen anlagen auf der grundlage von ri-fliessbildern.|optimierung neuronaler netze mit der bayes'schen methode.|konzeption und realisierung einer pc-basierten robotersteuerung.|optimierte delauny-triangulierungen zur vernetzung getrimmter nurbs-körper.|hardware enhanced run-time management for many-core processors.|novel techniques for monitoring network traffic at the flow level.|methaphor based user interfaces for information authoring, visualization and navigation in multimedia environments.|verallgemeinerte entropiekonzepte und anwendungen in der theorie dynamischer systeme und in der informationstheorie.|untersuchung von strategien für das logisch-funktionale programmieren.|algorithmen und architekturen für die emulation von cordic-prozessorfeldern zur simulation von mehrkörpersystemen.|model difference representation.|combined schedulability and wcet analysis for real-time operating systems.|laufzeitoptimierung und technologieabbildung in der logiksynthese unter verwendung von mehrbereichsdarstellungen boolescher funktionen.|beitrag zur analyse von deskriptorsystemen.|ein rahmensystem für die integrierte visualisierung hybrider wissenschaftlicher daten.|sensorgestützte kollisionsvermeidung bei industrierobotern.|mensch-maschine-schnittstellen in der flexiblen fertigungssteuerung: entwurf und realisierung mit abstrakten automaten.|roboternetze: innovative realisierungen und neue anwendungsperspektiven.|rechnergestütztes kostensenken im praktischen einsatz.|the extraction of fuzzy rules from neural networks.|eine algebraische beschreibung planarer graphen und ihre anwendung auf petri-netze.|konstruktive layoutgenerierung mit automatischer neugenerierung unter geänderten randbedingungen.|modell-basierte leistungsbewertung und optimierung von multi-core-architekturen zur paketverarbeitung in kommunikationsnetzen.|implementierungsoptionen und leistungspotentiale von parallelen feuerleitalgorithmen auf konventionellen und innovativen rechnerarchitekturen.|untersuchung ausgewählter linkadaptionsstrategien und deren wechselwirkungen in drahtlosen netzwerken.|secure subscription management system for distributed platforms.|fpga implementation of a decimal floating-point co-processor with accurate scalar product unit.|simulated trading: ein paralleles verfahren zur lösung von kombinatorischen optimierungsproblemen.|a hardware design methodology with special emphasis on reuse and synthesis.|verwaltung und prüfung natürlichsprachlicher spezifikationen.|konzeption von data mining-prozessen im kontext von massiv parallelen architekturen.|ein drahtloses multimedia-kommunikationssystem unter nutzung von internet-protokollmechanismen.|entwurf einer objekt-orientierten programmiersprache mit statischem typkonzept und parallelität.|generalization and constraints in learning machines.|optimizing query strategies in fixed vertical partitioned and distributed databases and their application in semantic web databases.|bestandsmanagement für unternehmen mit kleinserienfertigung.|glatte freiformflächen und optimierte unterteilungsalgorithmen.|aufzeichnung und wiedergabe von internet-videokonferenzen.|funktionspartitionierung komplexer digitaler systeme.|verfahren der polyfunktionalen bewertung von landschaftselementen einer landschaftseinheit mit anschliessender "multicriteria optimization" zur generierung vielfältiger landnutzungsoptionen.|methoden zur analyse nichtlinearer dynamischer netzwerke unter einfluss thermischen rauschens und deren anwendung auf josephson-schaltungen.|physischer datenbankentwurf: neue konzepte für eine praxisorientierte vorgehensweise am beispiel des darmstädter mikro-makro-simulators.|neuartige algorithmen zur rechnergestützten segmentierung von hirntumoren: visual computing in der lokalisationsdiagnostik.|bio-inspired optimization algorithms for engineering applications.|verbundoptimierung und realisierung echtzeitfähiger blinder kanalentzerrungs- und synchronisationsmodule.|validierung komponentenbasierter software für echtzeitsysteme.|assistierende virtuelle kraftfelder bei handgeführten robotern.|schemaevolution in föderierten datenbanksystemen.|compositional stability verification of hybrid systems.|representation and execution of situated action sequences.|modellbasierte unterstützung der software evolution im industriellen kontext.|konturfindung in echokardiographischen bildern mit hilfe künstlicher neuronaler netze.|herstellung und ablauf paralleler programme in einer heterogenen mehrbenutzerumgebung.|realization and evaluation of virtual cockpit simulation and virtual flight simulation.|kanalschätzverfahren für mobilfunksysteme mit mehrträgermodulation ofdm.|interactive visualization of complex structures in modular models for systems biology.|distributed data library and tools for an mpi programming environment.|erstellung von metadatenbanken zu umweltchemikalien und vergleichende bewertung von online-datenbanken und cd-roms.|online-prozeßoptimierung beim mag-schweißen mit hilfe eines expertensystems.|rechnerintegrierte darstellung von produktinformation und wissen als basis für ein intelligentes konstruktionssystem.|simple and scalable quality of service for wireless mobile networks.|constrained lambda calculus.|latency directed multithreaded computation and its architectural support.|specifying and validating consistent and dynamically evolving concurrent information systems: an object petri net based approach.|semantisches modell zur bearbeitungsbeschreibung für eine nutzergerechte werkzeugmaschinensteuerung: semantische modellierung einer bearbeitungsaufgabe mittels bearbeitungsobjekten auf der basis einer volumenorientierten repräsentation zur unterstützung der handlungsorientierten und erfahrungsgeleiteten vorgehensweise des facharbeiters.|methoden zur sicherungspunkterzeugung in parallelen und verteilten systemen.|strukturbildung und informationsverarbeitung in neuronennetzen.|error correcting classification based on neural networks.|modellbasierte analyse von software-projektrisiken.|chip assembly in einem top-down-vsli-entwurfssystem und ein modell zur konkurrenten layout-synthese.|3d quantitative computed tomography (qct) of the proximal femur.|neue modellierungs- und implementierungsverfahren zur effizienten einbettung neuronaler netze in industrielle bildverarbeitungssysteme.|flexible und effiziente unterstützung von transaktionen auf persistenten objekten.|grauwertbasierte bewegungsschätzung in monokularen bildsequenzen unter besonderer berücksichtigung bildspezifischer störungen.|entwurf anwendungsspezifischer integrierter schaltungen für den einsatz in der mechatronik.|konzepte zur verständlichen beschreibung objektorientierter frameworks.|rechnergestützte teamarbeit auf der basis von koordinationsprotokollen.|wissensbasierte entscheidungsunterstützungssysteme zur übertragung und wiederanwendung von erfahrungswissen aus entscheidungsprozessen.|concept exploration: knowledge acquisition in conceptual knowledge systems.|aspects of image processing: splines, anisotropic diffusion, and biological models.|algebraische algorithmenentwicklung am beispiel der arithmetik in endlichen körpern.|kodierung von symbolischen variablen für steuerwerke.|neuronale funktionsapproximation mit rbf-schwerpunktnetzen.|parallel volume rendering for image guided surgery.|entwurf und realisierung biologienaher bildvorverarbeitung in analoger cmos-schaltungstechnik.|qualitätsaspekte multimodaler kommunikation: subjektive und objektive messungen.|ein beitrag zur methodischen modellierung betrieblicher informationsverarbeitungsprozesse.|ergonomische gestaltung adaptierbarer mensch-computer-interfaces für die interaktion beim gehen.|computerunterstützte operationsplanung und -ausführung mittels individueller bearbeitungsschablonen in der orthopädie.|design of interactive 3d illustrations.|das transmission control protocol: neue wege einer modernen loss recovery.|lernen von automaten und entscheidungsdiagrammen.|objective linda: a coordination model for object oriented parallel programming.|metamodellierung als instrument des methodenvergleichs: eine evaluierung am beispiel objektorientierter analysemethoden.|ein datengesteuertes ausführungsmodell für programmiersprachen mit mehrfacher wertzuweisung.|wireless ccmmunication for personal safety services: sensing, localization and alarming.|entwärmungskonzepte durch funktionale strukturen in spritzgegossenen dreidimensionalen schaltungsträgern.|informationsmodellierung für die integrierte arbeitsplanerstellung im bereich der zerspanenden fertigung.|deduktion in vererbungsnetzen.|gestaltoptimierung zur funktions- und gußgerechten auslegung komplexer bauteile.|zur qualitätsbeurteilung von segmentierungsergebnissen in der dokumentanalyse.|testgenerierung aus spezifikationen in estelle und sdl.|maschinelles lernen, neuronale netze und statistische lernverfahren zur klassifikation und prognose: theoretische analyse und ökonomische anwendung.|über methoden der generierung binärer pseudozufallsfolgen zur stromverschlüsselung.|complexity theoretical results for randomized branching programs.|data-driven model order reduction for nonlinear crash and impact simulations.|erkennung kontinuierlicher gebärdensprache mit ganzwortmodellen.|methoden zur kontrollierten ausführung nichtdeterministischer kommunizierender programme.|market based control: eine neue methode zur automatisierten resourcenzuteilung.|dimensionsreduzierte vorverarbeitung für neuronale netze mit anwendungen in der gewässerökologie.|wirtschaftlich optimale laststeuerung mit evolutionären strategien.|entwurfsorientierte petrinetz-modellierung des schnittstellen-sollverhaltens asynchroner schaltwerksverbünde.|simultane anforderungs- und architekturdefinition auf basis semantischer ähnlichkeit von anforderungen.|generierung von spezifikationen betrieblicher anwendungssysteme auf der basis von geschäftsprozeßmodellen.|erscheinungsbasierte statistische objekterkennung.|entwurfsmethode für selbstgetaktete vlsi-datenpfadarchitekturen.|optimierung zyklischer realzeitanwendungen für mehrrechnersysteme mit verteiltem speicher.|anbindung von entwurfsdatenbanken an objektorientierte programmiersprachen.|untersuchungen zum künftigen aeronautischen satellitensubnetzwerk der flugsicherung.|detection, classification and visualization of anomalies using generalized entropy metrics.|symbolic execution of distributed systems.|theorie und anwendung constraintbasierter planungsverfahren.|buchstabiererkennung mit neuronalen netzen in auskunftssystemen.|entwicklung und beurteilung von computergestützten methoden zur binauralen raumsimulation.|frameworks und entwurfsmuster.|bildsegmentierung mit fuzzy-logik.|objektorientierte konzepte bei der synthese und optimierung von steuerwerksarchitekturen hoher regularität.|konstruktive datenmodellierung: die konstruktion von datenbankstrukturen aus dv-technischer und fachspezifischer sicht.|datenmodell für die nc-programmierung.|echtzeitplanung bei altersanforderungen.|rationale bézierdarstellung räumlicher bewegungsvorgänge und ihre anwendung zur beschreibung bewegter objekte.|detektion, lokalisierung und verfolgung von personen mit einem mobilen serviceroboter.|informationsmanagement im simultaneous engineering: systematische nutzung unsicherer informationen zur verkürzung der produktenentwicklungszeiten.|rationale bézier-kurven und bézier-flächenstücke auf quadriken.|robust real-time vision-based human detection and tracking.|load dependent sensor placement method based on representative least squares: applications in structural health monitoring.|akquisition und verarbeitung von wissen zur entscheidungsunterstützung im konstruktionsprozeß unter einsatz von neuronalen netzen.|synthese thermischer trennprozesse am beispiel der rektifikation mit zusatzstoffen.|the fixpoint analysis machine.|risikointegriertes prozess engineering am beispiel offshore windpark.|erweiterung des anforderungsmanagement-fokus: von produkten zu prozessen.|prozessführung für das walzrunden auf der basis neuronaler netze.|qualitätsmanagement in software-entwicklungsunternehmen.|qos-aware live iptv streaming over wireless multi-hop networks.|cooperation and coordination of constraint solvers.|konstruktion und evaluation eines umweltinterpretierenden katadioptrisch-omnidirektionalen kamerasystems.|system zum integrierten einsatz von haptischen displays in virtuellen umgebungen.|syntheseverfahren für heterogene multiprozessorsysteme.|an open framework for dependable stateless transaction processing.|off-line cursive handwritten word recognition using hidden markov models and multiple classifier combination.|berechnung von testvektoren in digitalen schaltungen auf der basis von klauselsystemen.|selbstorganisiernde merkmalskarten zur multivariaten datenanalyse komplexer technischer prozesse: untersuchungen am beispiel des kraftwerksprozesses.|das recht auf freie meinungsäußerung im internet: ein vergleich der rechtslage in der bundesrepublik deutschland und den vereinigten staaten von amerika.|static analysis of run-time modes in kahn process networks.|methoden der digitalen bildverarbeitung zur computergestützten gewebecharakterisierung mit ultraschall unter besonderer berücksichtigung der hierarchischen texturanalyse.|interactive image-based 3d reconstruction techniques for application scenarios at different scales.|prozessanalyse und ontologieevolution in kreativen, dynamischen domänen.|ein kooperatives transaktionskonzept für cad-datenbanken.|zur systematischen ermittlung hardware-geeigneter zahlendarstellungen für algorithmen der digitalen signalverarbeitung.|visual discovery of landmarks and their details in large-scale image collections.|wissensbasisrevision in expertensystemen mit anwendungen in der kreditwürdigkeitsprüfung.|ein betreibergerechtes view-konzept für das netz- und systemmanagement.|multi-hypothesentracking-verfahren mit datenfusionierenden algorithmen.|prozessregelung numerisch gesteuerter umformmaschinen mit fuzzy logic.|das konzept der periodischen tourenplanung: potentiale und einsatzmöglichkeiten in entscheidungsunterstützungssystemen für die distributionslogistik.|kombination verschiedener merkmale zur biometrischen personenerkennung.|high performance database mining.|medizinisch-diagnostische anwendung neuronaler netzwerke zur analyse nmr-spektroskopischer daten von körperflüssigkeiten.|flexible zugriffskonzepte für verteilte informationssysteme: anforderungsanalyse, spezifikation und bewertung.|entwicklung einer objektorientierten prozessmodellierungssprache.|zur verifizierten lösung grosser linearer gleichungssysteme mit spärlich besetzten matrizen beliebiger bandbreite.|geometry adaptive multi-view coding techniques for image based rendering.|rekonstruktion von geometrischen 3d-objekten durch interpolation von konturdaten.|eine architektur für tutor-systeme.|segment-wise coding of texture and depth components in 3d video.|konzeption und bewertung von computer-aided-quality-management-systemen.|automatisierte hierarchisch strukturierte analyse von schnellen und hochfrequenten analogschaltungen mittels mustererkennung und expertenwissen.|beiträge zur effizienten decodierung von turbo-codes.|schneller entwurf interaktiver dreidimensionaler computeranimationen: beiträge zur wissensbasierten modellierung und illustration komplexer technischer systeme.|der quantitative ansatz zum gleichzeitigen entwurf der dsp architektur und des compilers.|integrierte software engineering services zur effizienten unterstützung von entwicklungsprojekten.|transaction level modeling and high performance simulation of embedded systems.|der einsatz von java im bereich eingebetteter systeme.|cas - klinische erprobung eines optischen 3d-messsystems in der hals-nasen-ohrenheilkunde.|hybride methoden zur auslegung und berechnung von elektrischen maschinen in einer virtual-reality-entwicklungsumgebung.|verfahren zur planung des einsatzes von cyber-physischen-systemen in der produktion.|dienstgütemanagement in paketvermittelnden netzen.|beiträge zur automatischen dreidimensionalen bewegungsanalyse.|discrete time cellular neural networks: theory and global learning algorithms.|efficient performance prediction for parallel programs.|synchronisations- und recoverykonzepte für transaktionen in kooperativen entwurfsumgebungen.|ein integriertes mustererkennungssystem zur interpretation hochauflösender thorax-elektrokardiogramme.|implementation of combinator specifications: notions and proving techniques.|rekonfigurierbare routerhardware für adaptive dienstplattformen.|modellbasierte diagnose verteilter systeme auf basis ihres kommunikationsverhaltens.|fehlerkorrigierende quellendecodierung.|ein werkzeugtransaktionskonzept für objekt-managementsysteme als basis von software-entwicklungsumgebungen.|robust video streaming with h.264/avc scalable video coding for wireless unicast and multicast.|analyse des entwurfsraumes gemischt analog-digitaler eingebetteter systeme.|semalink - ein wissensbasiertes hypermedia-system.|business process reengineering (bpr) und workflow-management-systeme (wfms) - theorie und praxis in der schweiz.|integration von sprachen für speicherprogrammierbare steuerungen in die unified modeling language durch funktionsbausteinadapter.|very low bit rate video coding using 3-d models.|probabilistische erkennung von 3d-freiformobjekten mit bayesschen netzen.|formale spezifikation und implementierung von hochleistungsprotokollen.|modular language specification and composition.|einsatz und bewertung rechnergestützter methoden für die technische auslegung mechanischer herzklappenprothesen.|online-visualisierung und interaktive steuerung paralleler und verteilter technisch-wissenschaftlicher anwendungen in heterogenen umgebungen.|ein adaptives verfahren zur selektiven texturanalyse von grauwertbildern.|ein neuer fuzzy-klassifikator für die maschinenfehlerdiagnose.|systematic metric systems engineering: reference architecture and process model.|konzeption und implementierung graphisch interaktiver werkzeuge zur evaluierung komplexer informationsverarbeitender systeme.|echtzeitfähige zwischenbildinterpolation für die stereoskopische bewegtbildwiedergabe.|simulation im straßenverkehr mit zellulären automaten.|montiarc - architectural modeling and simulation of interactive distributed systems.|komplexität bei graph grammatiken und graph automaten.|operators of higher order.|elementbasierte, effiziente und schnelle generierung von 3d visualisierungen und 3d animationen.|layout synthesis of analog integrated circuits.|ein daten- und wissensmodell zur unterstützung integrierter flexibler fertigungssysteme.|mehrkanalige referenzdatenfreie entzerrer für die akustische datenübertragung in seichtem wasser.|eine simulationsumgebung für signalverarbeitende systeme.|multilinguale spracherkennung: kombination akustischer modelle zur portierung auf neue sprachen.|in-network processing algorithms for cooperative networks.|efficient & effective image-based localization.|design komponentenbasierter softwaresysteme unter besonderer berücksichtigung des corba-standards.|entwurf und implementierung einer unifikationsgrammatik im id-, lp-format für ein fragment des russischen.|optimization of mpeg-2 video encoding.|polar coding: finite-length aspects.|agile software-produktlinienentwicklung im kontext heterogener projektlandschaften.|einstellung von falschdraht-texturiermaschinen mit hilfe der evolutionsstrategie und neuronaler netze.|beschreibungslogiken zur behandlung von unscharfem wissen im kontext eines medizinischen anwendungsszenarios.|entwicklung und systemtechnische anwendung evolutionärer algorithmen.|konstruktion und analyse beweisbar sicherer elektronischer unterschriftenverfahren.|eine methodik für den effizienten entwurf von festkommasystemen.|detektion von schlüsselwörtern in fließender sprache.|controlling the success of official development assistance (oda) projects: the impact monitoring system ; a computer based approach to monitoring and evaluation.|symbolische verfahren zur entwurfsunterstützung analoger schaltungen.|synchronisation und assoziation in neuronalen netzen.|stabilität von fuzzy-reglern: analysekriterien und explizite syntheseverfahren.|entwicklung einer systemschnittstelle zur grafikgenerierung und -manipulation: ein beitrag zur grafikunterstützten werkzeugauswahl und kollisionskontrolle.|vision based robotic gesture recognition.|formale lastbeschreibung und eine methode zur lastmodellierung für innovative kommunikationssysteme.|rechtsfragen der telearbeit.|zustandscodierung sequentieller schaltungen mit einschrittigen, wettlauffreien codes.|synthesisch orientierter entwurf von betriebsmitteln mit nichtlinearen eigenschaften.|gesprochener mensch-maschine-dialog.|darstellung von gebärden mittels liniengraphiken: computergenerierte animationen von gestik und mimik.|entwicklung einer methode zur parallelen verteilten ereignisgesteuerten simulation von stochatischen petri-netzen = developing a method for parallel distributed event simulation of stochastic petri nets.|neue kommunikationstechniken im straßenverkehr: kanalmultiplexen in der nahbereichskommunikation.|beiträge zum entwurf neuronaler systeme.|ein dynamisches automatisierbares interaktives kalkül für schematische theoriespezifische regeln.|konzepte für eine virtuelle integration von autosar-konformer fahrzeug-software in frühen entwicklungsphasen.|heuristic header error recovery for corrupted network packets.|trade-off-based decision methodology for adopting cloud-based services in an organization.|parallel simulation of networks on chip.|expressivity and definability in extended modal languages.|der pupillenregelkreis: ein biologisch motiviertes modell aus systemtheoretischer sicht.|three-dimensional reconstruction by radial basis function networks: shape from shading and stereo vision.|qualifizierung für die planung der rechnerintegrierten produktion: entwicklung eines prozessorientierten unternehmensmodells als basis eines flexiblen lernortes.|information in evolutionären algorithmen und bei der roboternavigation.|mengenorientierte anfragen auf partiell zugreifbaren datenbanken.|eine hardware-, software-entwurfsumgebung für das rapid-prototyping von rechenintensiven anwendungsspezifischen algorithmen in der mechatronik.|performance orientierte systementwicklung am beispiel datenbankbasierter integrierter anwendungssysteme.|technologieabbildung und testvorbereitung für programmierbare logikbausteine mit komplexen grundzellen.|adaptive vocabularies in large vocabulary conversational speech recognition.|agentenbasierte konsistenzprüfung heterogener modelle in der automatisierungstechnik.|statistical gabor graph based techniques for the detection, recognition, classification, and visualization of human faces.|partitions-limitierte lindenmayer-systeme.|formale überprüfung der korrektheit von steuerungen mittels rektangulärer automaten.|ein verfahren zur lagebestimmung der zungenoberfläche aus ultraschallbildfolgen.|optimierung von steuerungsstrukturen in dezentralisierten produktionssystemen.|kinematic analysis in prehensile movement: obstacle avoidance, bimanual and joint action.|die bearbeitung von beschwerden mithilfe von workflow-management-systemen: planung, administration, disposition und kontrolle.|die bearbeitung strukturierter dokumente in offenen dokumentverarbeitungssystemen.|parallel computing with emphasis on distributed systems.|keypoint-based object segmentation.|zyklische regelung von mehrgrößenprozessoren.|schätzung der parameter stochastischer systeme unter verwendung höherer momente mit einer anwendung in der automatischen brandentdeckung.|a mediated access control infrastructure for dynamic service selection.|echtzeit-korrespondenzprobleme in bildsequenzen und subpixelgenauigkeit.|vektorgestützte interpolation und prädiktion von fernsehbildern bei überblendungen und bildmischung.|document engineering als ansatz für eine überbetriebliche nachhaltigkeitsberichterstattung.|verteilte online und onboard evolution und adaption von kontrollmechanismen für rekonfigurierbare modulare roboter.|systematische konstruktion anwendungsspezifischer werkzeugsysteme zur entwicklung paralleler programme.|a practically relevant approach to system level fault diagnosis.|mobilitätsunterstützung in paketvermittelten kommunikationsnetzen.|komplexitätsbetrachtungen für reelle maschinenmodelle.|ida (intrusion detection and avoidance system): ein einbruchsentdeckendes und einbruchsvermeidendes system.|lastausgleich und fehlertoleranz in workstation-clustern.|entdeckung von metadaten zur semantischen anfrageoptimierung in relationalen datenbanken.|autonome mobile systeme: simulation als werkzeug zum entwurf und zur optimierung.|ein modell zur trennung von vererbung und typabstraktion in objektorientierten sprachen.|semi-automatic derivation of services and components from conceptual models: foundations, method, and application.|computergestützte dreidimensionale morphometrie des inselorgans von rind und schwein.|assoziativspeichernetze mit unvollständiger vernetzung.|supporting diversity and evolvability in communication protocols.|routingprobleme und die gruppenspezifische simulation von shared memory auf verteilten systemen.|ein system zur restauration digitalisierter röntgenbilder.|comparative evaluation and improvement of computational approaches to reachability analysis of linear hybrid systems.|monitoring and managing heterogeneous middleware.|artificial bandwidth extension of telephone speech signals using phonetic a priori knowledge.|coded modulation: theoretical concepts and practical design rules.|authentikationssysteme mit baerunterräumen.|betriebliche entscheidungsunterstützungssysteme auf der basis erfahrungsbasierter iv-methoden: einordnung, potentiale, die janus-shell und perspektiven.|sprachcodierung variabler bitrate mit phonembasierten ansätzen.|a flexible support framework for widely distributed computing.|dezentrale belegungsoptimierung in verteilten systemen auf basis einer erweiterten max-plus-algebra.|eine verifizierte implementierung funktional-logischer programmiersprachen.|eine formalisierung der hardwarebeschreibungssprache vhdl für die hardware-verifikation.|quality driven database mining.|mustererkennung räumlich-zeitlicher meßdaten am beispiel der impedanzmeßdaten gastroösophagealer refluxe bei säuglingen.|methoden und werkzeuge für die integrierte produktentwicklung.|systematische untersuchung von segmentierungs-strategien für die fraktale kompression digitaler bilddaten.|automatische analyse mehrdimensionaler bilddaten zur diagnoseunterstützung in der mr-tomographie.|entwicklung eines systems zur digitalisierung und bearbeitung unbekannter freiformflächen.|inch - ein konzept für interactive computational hypermedia auf der basis einer funktionalen objektinterpretation.|reliability aware high-level embedded system design in presence of hard and soft errors.|prüf- und testprozesse in der softwareentwicklung: bestandsaufnahme von gestaltungsbereichen und deren einflußfaktoren.|anwendungsorientierter entwurf evolutionärer algorithmen.|methoden der pc-basierten bildverarbeitung zur flexibilisierung einer roboterarbeitszelle.|semantischer assistent für die flexible modellierung und echtzeit-planung von engineering change-prozessen.|dslvq: distinction sensitive learning vector quantization.|dynamische lastverteilung mit bekannter ressourcenanforderung in heterogenen rechnernetzen und frameworks.|konfigurierung verteilter, heterogener informationsverarbeitungssysteme.|konzepte für speicherobjektdienste in konfigurierten dbms.|schaltkreisoptimierung mit worst-case-abständen als zielgrössen.|analyse und erweiterung des unüberwacht lernenden neuronalen klassifikators clan und anwendung in der bilderkennung.|path predicate abstraction: for sound system-level modeling of digital circuits.|rahmensystem für visuelle wahrnehmung veränderlicher szenen durch computer.|konfliktvermeidende speicherabbildung durch zyklische graphfärbung.|effiziente speicherung von zeitreihen mit betriebsdaten aus software-systemen zur analyse von laufzeitanomalien.|contributions to the visual object detection and classification for driver assistance systems.|learning based techniques for intercell interference coordination in lte-advanced heterogeneous networks.|einfluss von gating-algorithmen in der objektverfolgung am beispiel des multi-hypothesentracking.|entwurf robuster neuronaler netze.|testfallgenerierung aus modellbasierten systemspezifikationen auf der basis von petrinetzentfaltungen.|transaction management in multidatabase systems.|quantitative analyse der menschlichen hautoberfläche mit methoden der digitalen bildverarbeitung.|parallelisierung der automatischen testmustergenerierung in sequentiellen schaltungen.|sichere ausführungsumgebungen für objekte.|user adaptive information display: improving design & communication of business graphs through user adaptive critiquing.|modulare spezifikation und verifikation objektbasierter programme.|liveshift: a time-shifted p2p multimedia streaming approach.|pesa-i: a parallel distributed memory architecture for production systems.|messung von signaleigenschaften zur referenzfreien qualitätsbewertung von telefonbandsprache.|making the visual world audible - auditory image understanding for the visually impaired based on a modular computer vision sonification model.|fundamental mechanisms for ensuring maintainability and reliability of heterogeneous application architectures.|topological device descriptions and applications.|qualitätsorientiertes konstruieren von it-infrastrukturen: ein design-structure-matrix-basierter ansatz.|improving the quality of enterprise architecture models: - processes and techniques -.|resource allocation for peer-to-peer multicast streaming.|ein beitrag zur leistungssteigerung speicherprogrammierbarer steuerungen durch parallelverarbeitung auf anweisungsebene.|cox-c mit operatorkonzept.|alternsgerechte gestaltung von mensch-maschine-schnittstellen zur ergonomischen interaktion mit telemedizinischen systemen und dienstleistungen.|compilation, worst case execution times, and schedulability analysis of statecharts models.|das divide-&-conquer-prinzip für massiv-parallele numerische algorithmen.|a context-sensitive plan execution language for adaptive behaviour in autonomous systems.|ein ordnungsrahmen zur unterstützung der generierung von handlungsalternativen in öffentlichen organisationen basierend auf instrumenten des semantic web.|parallele evolutionsstrategien mit der optimierungsumgebung eva.|knowledge in evolutionary and learning systems.|efficiency, auctioneer revenue and bidding behavior in the combinatorial clock auction: an analysis in the context of european spectrum auctions.|objektorientierte modellierung und simulation verfahrenstechnischer mehrproduktanlagen.|derandomisierung, unabhängige mengen und effiziente schaltkreise.|modellgetriebene generative entwicklung von web-informationssystemen.|virtuelle verteilte objekte: eine gruppenarchitektur für verteilte systeme.|landscape level modelling of the ethiopian highland resources: a geo-informatics application to their sustainable management, use and conservation.|lernen aus fehlerhafter oder unvollständiger information.|eine methode zur nutzenerfassung von teleservice.|entzerrung von gedächtnisbehafteten übertragungskanälen mit neuronalen netzwerken.|a property checking methodology for weakly programmable system-on-chip ips (eine methode zur eigenschaftsprüfung von schwach programmierbaren system-on-chip ips).|visuelle schemata in der werbung: grundlagen und anwendungen in einem computergestützten suchsystem zur bildideenfindung.|improving content and service distribution beyond infrastructure upgrades.|performance-management in chipdesignprojekten unter verwendung von task-graphen zur prozessoptimierung.|conversion of representations of 3d geo-objects.|integration von zweckrechnungen in einem standardsoftwaresystem für das rechnungswesen: ein beitrag zur flexibilisierung von rechnungswesensystemen.|rekonstruktion von informationen für die frühen phasen der konstruktion aus gestaltdaten.|strategisches management der informatik als erfolgsfaktor schweizerischer speditionsbetriebe: empirische überprüfung eines kausalmodells.|ein verfahren zur klassifikation von modulationssignalen auf der basis ihrer momente höherer ordnung.|maschinelle sprachausgabe deutschen und englischen textes.|supporting semantically rich relationships in extensible object relational database management systems.|entwicklung einer intelligenten bus-bridge für ein optisches hochgeschwindigkeitsnetzwerk.|modellgetriebene, agile entwicklung und evolution mehrbenutzerfähiger enterprise applikationen mit montiee.|entwicklung eines verfahrens zum programmtest in der robotergestützten montage.|functional meta-programs towards reusability in the declarative paradigm.|praktische ansätze zur etablierung einer software-produktlinie in eine bestehende mehr-produkt-entwicklung.|analoge bildverarbeitungsverfahren für integrierbare echtzeit-bildsysteme.|untersuchungen zur sprecheradaption in systemen zur automatischen spracherkennung mit hilfe stochastischer modellierung.|effective correctness criteria for real-time requirements.|spezifizierbarkeit berechenbarer datentypen.|a multipoint communication architecture for end to end quality of service guarantees.|sdl.rt-basierter entwurf und implementierung eingebetteter zeit- und sicherheitskritischer systeme.|interpolation, approximation und konvertierung mit rationalen b-splines.|techniken zur exploration und visualisierung geometrischer modelle.|parallelising molecular dynamics for message passing systems.|eine generische software-architektur für multi-agentensysteme und ihr einsatz am beispiel von fahrerassistenzsystemen.|pharmazeutisch-technologische untersuchungen zur entwicklung salicylat-selektiver elektroden mit computergestützter telemetrischer messwertübertragung.|der rechtsschutz von datenbanken.|verfahren zur klassifikation des verkehrs auf wlan-verbindungen.|sensorlose stabbruchdetektierung in käfigläufermaschinen mittels neuronaler netze.|quadrilateral surface mesh generation for animation and simulation.|rekonstruktionsprobleme bei unvollständiger information: funktionale vom erweiterten entropietyp.|storage management of multidimensional arrays in database management systems.|a parallel iterative linear system solver with dynamic load balancing.|ein kombiniertes verfahren zur erkennung von hindernissen, fahrbahn- und fahrzeugdaten.|neuronale attraktornetzwerke zur assoziativen speicherung eines hohen informationsgehaltes bei räumlichen korrelationen.|wissensorientiertes informationsmanagement für management-aufgabenträger: konzeption, empirische untersuchung von gestaltungsfaktoren und prototypische realisierung.|reproduzierbare aktionen unter unix: entwicklung eines programmierbaren software-roboters für die reproduktion des eingabeverhaltens eines benutzers.|modellierung und synthese von kommunikationsstrukturen für eingebettete echtzeitsysteme.|information retrieval aus digitalisierten audiospuren von filmen.|on the modeling and evaluation of real time systems.|system zur unterstützung der optischen prüfung von werkstücken durch den vergleich von bildern auf der basis eines integrierten produktmodellierungssystems.|ein beitrag für den aufbau und die nutzung von integrierten unternehmensmodellen.|schedulingstrategien für das multiplexen audiovisueller datenströme unter berücksichtigung von dienstgüte.|privacy-preserving multiparty digital rights management.|untersuchungen zum einsatz der nahinfrarot-spektroskopie für die nichtinvasive blutglucosebestimmung mittels künstlicher neuronaler netze.|runtime verification of railway applications with extended live sequence charts.|zur signalisierung in zukünftigen multimedialen kommunikationsnetzen.|mehrnutzer-datenübertragung über niederspannungsleitungen mit hoher summendatenrate.|integriertes projekt- und prozeßmanagement auf basis innovativer informations- und kommunikationstechnologien: das group-projekt-system ; referenzrahmen, architekturen, konzept, systemdesign und empirische einsatzerfahrungen eines verteilten prozeßorientierten projektinformationssystems.|testfallableitung und testrealisierung in verteilten systemen.|rekonfigurierbare gruppenantennen für die bakengestützte datenkommunikation.|reglerentwurf zur synchronisierung linearer heterogener multi-agenten-systeme.|namenservices in objektbanken.|verification and validation of logic control safety applications: verifikation und validierung von steuerungssoftware für sicherheitsanwendungen.|expertensystem-entwicklung für personalplanung und personal-controlling.|helligkeitsbasiertes rechnersehen zur direkten ermittlung räumlicher eigenschaften.|synchronisation in parallelen datenbanksystemen.|dynamische adaption in betriebssystemen auf basis einer objektorientierten systemarchitektur.|rechnerbündel als parallelrechner: beherrschung effizienter kommunikation und koordination.|applications of iterative soft decision decoding.|elektrooptische signalverarbeitung zur darstellung autostereoskopischer bewegtbilder und zur strukturerkennung.|fehlerkorrigierende codes für quantensysteme: konstruktionen und algorithmen.|learning image and video representations based on sparsity priors.|probability estimating neural networks.|genetic evolution of autonomous agents.|interaktives wissenschaftliches illustrieren von texten.|unternehmensbezogene dienstleistungen und neue iuk-technologien - in frankfurt, main und leipzig.|entwicklungs- und laufzeitunterstützung für verteilte multimediale anwendungen.|verallgemeinerte stochastische modellierung für die automatische spracherkennung.|towards an isabelle theory for distributed, interactive systems: the untimed case.|strukturelle zugänge zur analyse und synthese linearer regelungssysteme in deskriptorform.|verfahren zur ansteuerung von aktiv adressierten flüssigkeitskristall-bildschirmen für computergrafik.|lernverfahren für nichtrückgekoppelte neuronale netzwerke.|data-warehouse-basierte konzeption eines strategischen öko-controlling-systems.|liften und anpassen von freiformkurven und -flächen.|management verteilter anwendungen auf der grundlage objektorientierter interaktionsplattformen.|retargierbare compilierung von selbsttestprogrammen digitaler prozessoren mittels constraint-logischer programmierung.|eine pr-t-netz-basierte, durchgängige entwurfsmethodik für eingebettete realzeitsysteme.|computergestützte planungssysteme in der epidemiologie: anwendung und bewertung objektorientierter methoden bei deren entwicklung.|adaption von numerischen werkzeugmaschinensteuerungen an das fertigungsumfeld bei der materialbearbeitung mit laserstrahlung.|ein beitrag zur parallelisierung speicherprogrammierbarer steuerungen.|ein beitrag zur kopplung von flow-sheeting-programmen mit cad-systemen bei der anlagenplanung.|on-line erkennung kursiver handschrift bei großen vokabularen.|analyse und klassifikation zweidimensionaler signale: anwendung in der erkennung von hauttumoren anhand hochaufgelöster oberflächenprofile.|schätzung von parametern bei der modellbildung von elektrischen und mechanischen systemen.|design und implementierung einer modularisierten diskrete elemente methode software.|robuste kontinuierliche spracherkennung für mobile informationssysteme.|automatische ableitung von balanced scorecards aus textkorpora.|generik und dynamik in hypertexten.|z-reversibilität von markov-ketten und diskretes verstärkungslernen.|entwurf und verifikation von ablaufsteuerungen.|stochastische modelle zur off-line fließschrifterkennung.|analysis and design of modern coding schemes for unequal error protection and joint source-channel coding.|skalierbare und zuverlässige multicast-kommunikation im internet.|ansätze und methoden zur unterstützung der signalintegritätsanalyse komplexer systeme: analogiebasierte wissensbereitstellung und numerische simulation.|prozessintegration von eeprom-modulen für asic-cmos-technologien.|ein verfahren zur beherrschung von anpaßbarkeit in betriebssystemen.|application of adaptivity to serious games.|neuartige darstellung diskreter volterra-reihen zur beschreibung nichtlinearer zeitdiskreter systeme und deren anwendungsmöglichkeiten für die modellierung, entzerrung und codierung.|icon evaluation by pattern masking.|dynamic texture synthesis based on motion flow statistics for video coding.|über parallele datenbanksysteme mit replizierten basisdaten.|multimodal interactive error recovery for non-conversational speech user interfaces.|optimal algorithms for parametric integration.|molekulardynamische computersimulation von chlorwasserstoff in wässriger lösung.|automatische segmentierung und etikettierung von spontansprache.|a network architecture based on market principles.|the surface model: an uncertain continuous representation of the generic camera model and its calibration.|instro: a component-based toolbox for performance instrumentation = instro: eine komponenten-basierte werkzeugplattform für performance instrumentierungen.|koordination objektzentrierter kooperationen: metamodell und konzept eines basisdienstes für verteilte arbeitsgruppen.|sprachunabhängige dynamische ausführung von vorgehensmodellen.|entwicklungsbegleitendes digital mock-up im automobilbau.|optimierung in objekt-datenbanksystemen: zur effizienten ausführung von anfragen am beispiel von cocoon.|lastkontrolle in hochgeschwindigkeitsnetzen.|erstellung einer statistisch modellierten multilingualen lautbibliothek für die spracherkennung.|nichtparametrische vermessung und kompensation optischer abbildungsfehler von kameras.|berührungslose informationsübertragung über rotatorische und translatorische gelenke in handhabungssystemen: integration eines bussystems in einen industrieroboter zur übertragung von sensor- und steuerungsdaten.|approximationsbasierter entwurf diskreter steuerungen für gemischtwertige regelstrecken.|kosteneffizienter entwurf digitaler kommunikationsendgeräte mit festkomma-prozessorarchitekturen am beispiel eines datenfunkmodems.|situationsanalyse und manöverentscheidung für fußgängerschutzsysteme mit längs- und querführung.|fusion von umfeld wahrnehmenden sensoren in städtischer umgebung.|ein softwaresystem für die verkehrsdatenanalyse in kommunikationsnetzwerken.|abstraktionstechniken für automatische verifikationsmethoden.|optimierung makrozellenbasierter sea-of-gates-architekturen für die kommunikationstechnik.|cryptographic protocols and algorithms for distributed multimedia systems.|design and formal analysis of petri net based logic control algorithms = entwurf und formale analyse petrinetz-basierter steuerungsalgorithmen.|zum einfluss partizipativer entwicklungstechniken auf die benutzerfreundlichkeit von programmsystemen: eine feldstudie.|rechnergestützte methoden zur interaktiven modellierung biotechnologischer prozesse.|traffic based decomposition of general queueing networks with correlated input processes.|linearisierung und entkopplung von deskriptorsystemen.|sdaarc - a self distributing associative architecture.|vergleichende bewertung von verfahren zur benutzerauthentikation.|verteilte prozessdatenverarbeitung mit multimedialen informationsnetzen.|modellbasierte energiekostenanalyse automatisierter systeme.|adaptive strategien zur optimierung der anfrage-verarbeitung in verteilten datenbanksystemen.|meander: ein graph-basierter ansatz zur unterstützung der konstruktion explizit paralleler programme für parallelrechner mit verteiltem speicher.|modellierung von reaktionszeiten mit neuronalen netzen aus leaky integrator units.|objektorientierte linienbasierte segmentierung von bildern.|a holistic methodology for the development of cybertronic systems in the context of the internet of things.|semantikbeschreibende metadaten zur integration heterogener daten aus dem internet.|zur anwendung des objektmodells in verteilten systemen.|algorithms and architectures for machine learning based on regularized neural netwoks and support vector approaches.|internetbasierte dienstleistungsplattform für heterogene automatisierungsstrukturen.|multikriteriell evolutionär optimierte anpassung von unscharfen modellen zur klassifikation und vorhersage auf der basis hirnelektrischer narkose-potentiale.|verfahren zur automatisierung der visuellen oberflächeninspektion mit hilfe der bildverarbeitung.|robust vision-based vehicle driver monitoring.|effizienzabschätzungen und experimentelle verifikation paralleler algorithmen für lineare gleichungssysteme der vlsi-netzwerksimulation.|an approach to the creation of precise, intelligible problem specifications of large reactive systems.|effizientes lernen fast optimaler entscheidungen aus beispielen.|ein verfahren zur visuellen unterstützung des greifvorgangs bei robotern basierend auf einer greifer-sensor-koppelung.|individualisierte kalibrierung in einem ssvep-basierten brain-computer interface.|diskriminative lernverfahren für die automatische spracherkennung.|security and trust architectures for protecting sensitive data on commodity computing platforms.|wissensbasierte subventions- und finanzierungsberatung im rahmen der angebotsunterstützung.|juristische und informatorische untersuchungen zur rechnergestützten präsentation des nach dem einigungsvertrag fortgeltenden rechts der ddr.|prozessmodell für teamorientierte unternehmen.|voll datenparalleles simulated annealing.|codes on sparse graphs for satellite and space communications.|ein dezentrales, selbstorganisierendes informationsmanagementsystem.|local smoothing methods in image processing.|entwicklung eines echtzeitfähigen softwaredefinierten rundfunkempfängers für desktop-computer.|verteilte systeme mit grundlast als parallele virtuelle maschinen.|digitale signaturen für datenströme.|logic synthesis with boolean model.|verfahren zur echtzeit-gesichtsdetektion in grauwertbildern.|objektabhängige kontrolle von lokalen quantisierungsalgorithmen.|verification of structural and extra-functional properties in component and connector models for embedded and cyber-physical systems.|berechnungs- und beschreibungskomplexität von zählfunktionen und lindströmquantoren.|ein plattformunabhängiger client mit multikontext-adaptiver benutzungsschnittstelle für ein heterogenes verteiltes cax-komponentensystem auf basis von corba und step.|flußsteuerung für verläßliche multicastkommunikation im internet.|adaptive locomotion of modular reconfigurable robotic systems.|ein verfahren zur qualitätsbewertung datenreduzierter bildfolgen.|zielorientierter entwurf korrekter kommunikationssoftware.|automatische parallelisierung und parallele gitterbasisreduktion.|the development and evaluation of a provincial level health management information system in cameroon = entwicklung und evaluierung eines informationssystems für provinzgesundheitsverwaltungen am beispiel von kamerun.|erfassung stochastischer operationsprofile zur fehlererkennung ergodischer prozesse.|neural synchronization and light-weight cryptography in embedded systems.|neuronale netze zur steuerung von einbeinigen bewegungssystemen: entwurf und optoelektronische implementierung.|statische und dynamische verkehrsumlegung mit rekurrenten neuronalen netzen.|regeladaptive kategoriale analyse von spontansprache.|die anwendung von verschlüsselungsverfahren in atm-systemen.|modellierung und approximation von kurven und flächen in impliziter darstellung.|objekt- und texturrekonstruktion mit einer robotergeführten kamera.|automated optimization of discrete event simulations without knowing the model.|a categorical approach to functional programming.|strategien zur ansichtenbasierten und ganzheitlichen invarianten objekterkennung.|stabilität und kapazität neuronaler netzwerke: am beispiel der eeg-analyse.|designing information technology for sustainable energy use: a practice centered approach to consumption feedback technologies in private households and work environments.|computing straight skeletons and motorcycle graphs: theory and practice.|klassen applikativer programmschemata und ihre berechnungsstärke.|nicht-photorealistische visualisierungen: von bildern zu animationen.|a modular approach to support the data placement aspect in configured dbms.|efficient clustering for knowledge discovery in spatial databases.|the two-dimensional, rectangular, guillotineable-layout cutting problem with defects.|provider-independent social identity management for personal and professional applications.|effiziente anfragebearbeitung im wissensgewinnungsprozeß.|modellbasierte bildsegmentierung mit aktiven konturmodellen.|ein cad-system zum formal basierten, automatischen entwurf von kommunikationsprozessoren aus abstrakten zeitdiagrammspezifikationen.|verbesserung der authentifizierung in it-systemen durch spezielle dienste des betriebssystems.|teambuilder: expertisenetze zur unterstützung spontaner kooperation.|simulation von 3d-halbleiterbauelementen auf einem mimd-multiprozessorsystem.|zur übersetzung von termen eines angewandten λ-kalküls in zielmaschinencode unter besonderer berücksichtigung der rückübersetzbarkeit ausgezeichneter zwischenzustände der codeausführung.|validierung und nachbearbeitung von gerenderten bildern.|hierarchical connectionist acoustic modeling for domain adaptive large vocabulary speech recognition.|a file system for wireless mesh networks: a new approach for a scalable, secure, and distributed file system.|ein ansatz zur modellierung großer software-entwicklungsprozesse durch integration unabhängig erfaßter rollenspezifischer sichten.|skelettierung als grafisches repräsentationsmodell für bildregionen.|dynamischer datenfluss und kontrollfluss in der softwaresynthese für digitale kommunikationssysteme.|erklärungen in fuzzy expertensystemen: entwicklung von erklärungskonzepten für fuzzy expertensysteme auf der basis geeigneter wissensrepräsentation, dialoggestaltung und methoden der linguistischen approximation.|ein beitrag zur heuristisch-numerischen energieintegration.|identifikation hybrider dynamischer systeme.|feedback based error control for robust video transmission.|effizienter entwurf eines dvb-satelliten-empfängers.|werkzeug-basierte evaluierung der benutzerfreundlichkeit interaktiver endgeräte mit normativen benutzermodellen.|synthese nichtlinearer regelungssysteme mit hilfe einer linear-ähnlichen matrixstruktur in der modellbeschreibung.|antizipative classifier systems.|über produkt-form-lösungen für stochastische petri-netze.|konzepte zur steuerung und regelung nichtlinearer systeme auf der basis der jacobi-linearisierung.|synchronization in distributed multimedia applications.|entwicklung einer rechnergestützten systematik zur funktionsbereichsübergreifenden planung von distributionszentren durch einsatz der graphentheorie.|unterstützung für objektsammlungen in statisch getypten objektorientierten programmiersprachen.|enhancing in-car prediction by car2x communication.|sprachen zur software-prozessmodellierung.|reasoning about processes and continuous change: analysis and implementation.|entwicklung einer rechnerunterstützten methode zur fehlervermeidung auf der basis eines dokumentationssystems.|requirements engineering für gis-applikationen.|spezifikation, verifikation, leistungsbewertung und implementierung von kommunikationsprotokollen mit hierarchischen high-level-netzen.|expertensystem-unterstützte parameterextraktion analytischer bauelementemodelle mit standardisierter schnittstelle zum schaltungsentwurf.|verification of programmable logic controller code using model checking and static analysis.|privacy-preserving infrastructure for social identity management.|encoding and decoding complexity reduction and vq aspects of fractal image compression.|optimierung von netzlisten kombinatorischer schaltungen.|hpcs: client-server support for high performance computing.|texturbasierte verfahren und interaktive 3d-visualisierung für computergenerierte hologramme.|informations- und berechnungstheoretische barrieren beim algorithmischen lernen.|vermeidung spezialisierungsbedingter probleme in objektorientierten systemen.|methodik eines formalen korrektheitsbeweises bei graphisch spezifizierter software: am beispiel von wellendigitalfiltern.|optimierung paralleler programme.|hw-sw-codesign auf basis von c-programmen unter performanz-gesichtspunkten.|algebraische spezifikation mit nichtdeterminismus aus der sicht der universellen algebra.|vitruv: specifying temporal aspects of multimedia presentations: a transformational approach based on intervals.|xml-basierte implementierung strukturierter hypermediadokumente: aspekte der erzeugung, der notation und der darstellung.|ein metadatenrepositorium zum datenqualitätsmonitoring im concurrent engineering.|funktionale spezifikation und codesign eingebetteter systeme.|fridaq - ein framework zur integration molekularbiologischer datenbestände.|langfristige dienstzulieferbeziehungen für elektronische dienstemärkte.|effizienzbetrachtungen zur fraktalen bilddatenkompression.|local orientation analysis in images and image sequences using steerable filters.|transparente fehlertoleranz in verteilten systemen.|modellierung und simulation software-intensiver eingebetteter systeme.|parcon: paralleles lösen von grafischen constraints.|geometrische und semantische rekonstruktion von gebäuden durch ableitung von 3d-gebäudeecken.|hierarchical broadcasting using multilevel codes = hierarchischer rundfunk mittels multilevel codes.|überlebensfähige sicherheitskomponenten für hochgeschwindigkeitsnetze: entwurf und realisierung am beispiel einer packet screen.|error control for radio frequency identification.|replikatives informationsmanagement in verteilten groupware-umgebungen: entwicklung, architekturdarstellung und prototyp-design des replikationsmodells "group replic".|interactive visualization of medical and biological data sets.|analyse von alarmdaten in telekommunikationsnetzen: identifikation und klassifikation von alarmmustern.|algorithmustransformationen beim entwurf anwendungsspezifischer integrierter schaltungen.|von der energieeffizienz zur ressourceneffizienz mittels stoffstrommanagement: ein beitrag zur operationalisierung des industriellen stoffstrommanagements bei einem automobilhersteller.|behavior-based architecture conformance checking.|untersuchungen zur mehrkanaligen adaptiven geräuschreduktion für die spracherkennung im kraftfahrzeug.|evolutionärer test des zeitverhaltens von realzeit-systemen.|hyper space exploration: methodik zur multi-kriteriellen trade-off-analyse von systemen im disruptiven kontext am beispiel elektromobilität.|automatische extraktion von verbvalenzen aus deutschen textkorpora.|modelling cooperative multimedia support for software development and stand alone environments.|hochratige datenübertragung über mittelspannungskabel.|sprecheradaption in einem spracherkennungssystem mit stochastischer modellierung.|entwicklung eines prozessorientierten modells zur konstruktiven qualitätssicherung mobiler unternehmens-applikationen.|dynamic security in communication systems.|interaktive führung beim entwurf komplexer software-systeme.|high-speed indexing and archival of network measurement data.|konzept zum durchgängigen schutz von daten in der verteilten additiven fertigung.|granulometrien in der grauwertmorphologie.|konzeption und entwicklung eines prozeßorientierten cad-systems für die bekleidungskonstruktion.|parallele anfrageverarbeitung in komplexobjekt-datenbanksystemen: verarbeitungskonzepte, realisierungsaspekte und betriebssystemeinbettung.|fast simulation of fixed point digital signal processing systems.|entwicklung und anwendung eines vorgehensmodells zur unterstützung des objektorientierten softwareentwicklungsprozesses am beispiel eines cad-systems.|verifikation von schaltungsbeschreibungen auf höheren ebenen durch rückübersetzung.|transaktionsbasierter globaler gemeinsamer speicher: ein modell zur verteilten fehlertoleranten programmierung.|performance prediction of parallel program skeletons.|quantitative erfassung der produktivität bei der software-entwicklung unter berücksichtigung der qualität.|automatische bahndatenengenerierung [bahndatengenerierung] für thermische schneidaufgaben mit komplexen industrierobotersystemen.|zielgrößenadaptierte netzdiagnose und -generierung zur anwendung der finite-element-methode in der umformtechnik.|prototypische realisierung eines hypertextbasierten workflow-management-systems auf basis des konstanzer hypertextsystems khs.|texturorientierte segmentierungsmethoden in der medizinischen bildverarbeitung.|optimization of multicarrier data transmission over wireline and optical media for a novel industrial fieldbus.|cosimulation und kommunikationssynthese im entwurf gemischter hardware-software-systeme.|die while-hierarchie für programmschemata.|hypertextstrukturen als grundlage für integrierte wissensakquisitionssysteme.|die approximation von wahrscheinlichkeitsdichtefunktionen mit hermite-polynomen und ihre transformation durch zeitdiskrete lineare systeme.|aufwandsarme qualitätsverbesserungen bei der gestörten übertragung codierter sprachsignale.|aufgabenoptimierte planung kooperierender sensoren.|prozeßorientierte telekommunikationsplanung für unternehmensübergreifende logistiksysteme.|anwendungsentwicklung mit komponenten-frameworks in der automatisierungstechnik.|parallele 3d-bildgenerierung.|beitrag zur objektorientierten planung von verbindungsorientierten mehrdienstenetzen.|automatisierte engpassanalyse zur leistungsoptimierung von rechensystemen.|kopplung synergetischer computer und modellierung neuronaler synchronisationseffekte.|generation and comparison of constraint-based heuristics using structure of constraints.|programmgestützter entwurf integrierter schaltungen für die digitale nachrichtenübertragung aus datenflussbeschreibungen.|information extraction by local density analysis: a contribution to content based management of scientific data.|grafische nutzerschnittstellen für multimedia-endgeräte im wohnbereich.|ontologiebasierte repräsentation und verarbeitung von information bezüglich unsicherheit in der virtuellen produktentwicklung.|aufbereitung von 3-d-meßwerten unter nutzung künstlicher neuronaler netze.|text-bild-beziehungen in multimedialen dokumenten: eine analyse aus sicht von wissensrepräsentation, textstruktur und visualisierung.|multimodal analysis of directional interactions in oscillatory networks of the brain.|modellbasierte lokalisation gestützt auf monokulare videobilder.|hol-z, an integrated formal support environment for z in isabelle/hol.|entwurf eines multimedialen 3d-konferenzsystems für geographisch verteilte arbeitsgruppen.|prototypische passung endlicher vereinigungen von hyperebenen.|über sicherheit und anonymität in multicastumgebungen.|verfahrensstrategie zum innenhochdruck-umformen.|erweiterung einer objektorientierten programmiersprache und entwicklungsumgebung.|development of high performance parallel graphical applications with efficient parallel processing and adaptive techniques.|adaptive dynamische lastbalancierung.|information in speech: observations on phase effects in consonant perception.|history based batch job scheduling on a network of interactively used workstations.|objektorientiertes und verteiltes wissenschaftliches rechnen.|design und analyse von konferenzschlüsselsystemen.|wissensbasierte auswahl und auslegung von extraktoren.|strategische informationssystemplanung: eine strukturierte vorgehensweise unter besonderer berücksichtigung funktionaler systemanforderungen.|a virtual core facility for mulit-center applications in medical engineering.|analyse und qualitätsbeurteilung digitaler bilder unter verwendung von wavelet-methoden.|fast texture based algorithms for vector field visualization.|der spatial join in geo-datenbanksystemen.|hybrid wired-wireless communication networks for factory automation.|pitchbestimmung bei sprachsignalen durch hypothesenvergleich aus der wavelet-ereignisdetektion mittels paliwal-rao-distanz.|texturbasierte generierung synthetischer hologramme.|schnelle signaltransformationen für quantenrechner.|efficient from-point visibility for global illumination in virtual scenes with participating media.|a novel glove monitoring system for quantifying neurological symptoms during deep-brain stimulation surgery.|testentwurf zur erkennung von verzögerungsfehlern in hochintegrierten schaltungen.|promt knowlegde based tutoring of text problems applied to project management.|systematik für die leistungs- und zuverlässigkeitsorientierte modellierung von arbeitsprozessen mit kontrollflussorientierten notationssystemen.|konzepte für agile qualitätssicherung und -bewertung in wartungs- und weiterentwicklungs-projekten.|quantitative modellierung von softwareprojekten.|bewertung digitaler hardware-realisierungen zur unterstützung des systementwurfs.|identifikation und rekonstruktion von gebäuden in luftbildern mittels unscharfer constraints.|konzepte zur optimierung der skalierbarkeit von parallelen fahrzeugkollisionsberechnungen und ihre industrielle realisierbarkeit.|integration von fem-berechungen in den cad-gestützten konstruktionsprozeß durch bidirektionalen automatischen geometrieaustausch.|evolution of structures: optimization of artificial neural structures for information processing.|transfer echtzeitiger signale in asynchronen breitband-digitalnetzen.|konzept für ein regelbasiertes leistungsmanagement.|quantified linear programming.|data locality optimization of shared memory programs on numa architectures using an integrated tool environment.|massiv parallele strömungssimulation mit adaptiver finite-elemente-methode auf unstrukturierten netzen mit dynamischer lastverteilung.|die flächenschnittmethode zur erzeugung gcn-stetiger flächenübergänge: eine blending-methode für implizite und paramerisierte flächen.|knowledge transfer-based recommendations to enable self-service business intelligence.|cad-basierte off-line-programmierung von lichtbogenschweissrobotern.|algorithmen und komplexitätsanalyse für die verarbeitung kompakter beschreibungen gitterstrukturierter graphen.|robuste multifunktionale secret sharing schemes.|ein agentenbasierter strategieverbund zur lösung simulationsbasierter optimierungsprobleme.|quellsprachorientiertes debugging von optimierten programmen.|an evolving pattern library for collaborative project documentation.|natürliche semantik für imperative und objektorientierte programmiersprachen.|program segmentation for controlling software testing and analysis.|altersrobuste kognitionsergonomische visualisierung von netzplänen in projektmanagement-software.|komponententechnik für entwicklung und evolution von anwendungen im world wide web.|linguistic modeling for multilingual machine translation.|funktionsapproximation mit dekomponierten neuro-fuzzy-systemen.|optimization of 3d models for fabrication.|rough set theory und αβγ-automaten: eine formalisierung qualitativer aspekte des lernens und handelns bei der regelung komplexer systeme.|arithmetik auf elliptischen kurven zur konstruktion von kryptographischen einwegfunktionen.|self-awareness in heterogeneous, adaptive many-core architectures enabling proactive, self-optimizing systems.|methodische vorgehensweise zur modellierung in parametrischen und featurebasierten 3d-cad-systemen.|a cosimulation analyzer to validate an sci to pci bridge design.|security engineering methodology for embedded systems in metering.|tippverhaltenserkennung auf basis benutzerindividueller, fester eingabetexte.|context and context management: epsilon-theoretic foundation and operational design.|brenda - modellierung und implementierung eines objektorientierten informationssystems über enzyme mit besonderer berücksichtigung des metabolismus-engineerings.|kompaktierung heterogener maskenlayouts mit komplexen restriktionen.|evaluierung und auswahl von enterprise cloud services.|a framework for supporting fault diagnosis in integrated network and systems management: methodologies for the correlation of trouble tickets and acess to problem solving expertise.|verfahren zur effizienten parameteroptimierung von simulationsmodellen.|prozessorzuteilung in parallelrechnern mit hilfe selbstorganisierender karten.|a generative approach to customized run time platforms.|ein verfahren für den deterministischen datenaustausch in massiv parallelen rechnern.|multiuser detection and channel estimation for ds-cdma systems.|a mechanized logical model of z and object oriented specification.|data clustering and beyond: a deterministic annealing framework for exploratory data analysis.|planung und durchführung der materialbearbeitung mit laserstrahlung aus steuerungstechnischer sicht.|agentenunterstützte erkundung von virtuellen welten.|entwicklung und anwendung von verfahren zur 3d-gestaltoptimierung dickwandiger, massiver bauteile.|control of harmful effects during the program operation in nand flash memories.|asymptotics of stochastic networks, risk and fluid models in the presence of heavy tails.|zur qualitätsverbesserung der entwicklung und pflege von verteilten anwendungen: konzeption und realisierung einer bibliothek auf der basis von tcp/ip.|konzept für ein objektorientiertes, bereichsübergreifendes dokumenteninformations- und -verwaltungssystem.|automatische herleitung von effektiven testsequenzen aus lotos-spezifikationen mittels fehlermodellen.|robust control of systems subject to hard constraints.|gestaltung konfigurierbarer codegeneratoren für die automatische erzeugung effizienter protokollimplementierungen.|general bisectors and their application in planar location theory.|rhamma: eine entkoppelte mehrfädige prozessorarchitektur.|decision evaluation system: towards sustainable decision-making.|methoden zur effizienten auswertung von decision-support-anfragen in datenbanken.|entwurfsraum-exploration von hardware-architekturen zur klassifikation von audio-signalen.|aspekte der spezifikation von hardware-software-systemen.|entwicklung eines interaktiven, sensorunterstützten programmier- und simulationswerkzeugs für das mehrlagen-schweißen mit industrierobotern.|agentenbasierte, automatische parallelisierung in der bildanalyse.|automatische transformation großer softwaresysteme.|methoden zur realisierung einheitlicher schnittstellen für offene steuerungssysteme.|anwendung der synergetik auf korrespondenzprobleme wie stereoskopie.|practice-centered support for indoor navigation: design of a ubicomp platform for firefighters.|verteilte diskrete simulation komplexer systeme.|evaluation and improvement of tv channel availability for iptv services.|entwicklungsschritte zum ingenieurgerechten konstruktionsarbeitsplatz.|ein neues computerunterstütztes lokalisationsverfahren in der neurochirurgie (computer assisted localiser (cal)).|spezifikation und verifikation von kommunikationsprotokollen mit weg-zeit-diagramm.|extraktion und klassifikation prosodischer merkmale in der automatischen sprachverarbeitung / andreas kiessling.|automatische synthese diskreter steuerungen aus logischen spezifikationen.|implementierung einer parallelen funktionalen sprache mit algorithmischen skeletten zur lösung mathematisch-technischer probleme.|event correlation using conditional exponential models with tolerant pattern matching applied to incident detection.|nestml - die domänenspezifische sprache für den nest-simulator neuronaler netzwerke im human brain project.|anwendungsspezifische erweiterung von konstruktionssystemen für geometrisch-gestalterische tätigkeiten unter berücksichtigung einer systemneutralen datenhaltung.|eine ordnungsbasierte regelsprache für nf2-relationen.|entwicklung robuster bildverarbeitungsalgorithmen für serviceroboter mittels konfigurierbarer reaktiver ablaufstrukturen.|leitfaden zum aufbau einer fertigungsdatenbank für maschinenbauunternehmen.|störungsmanagement in der einzel- und kleinserienmontage: ein beitrag zur edv-gestützten montagesteuerung.|entwurfs- und inbetriebnahmestrategie für verteilte feldbus-anwendungen.|adaptive suchverfahren.|ein durchgängiges architekturkonzept für anwendungs- und betriebssysteme: die grundlage für entwurf und implementierung des cheops-kerns.|online-optimierung von fuzzy controllern mittels neuronaler lernverfahren.|analyse kryptographischer protokolle.|ein schrittsteuerungsverfahren für die änderungsdatengetriebene auswertung einer klasse netzförmig beschriebener berechnungsschemata.|ein datenakquisitionssystem für passive messungen in telekommunikationsnetzwerken.|konzeption und implementierung von grapheneditoren.|accelerator für biologienahe neuronale netze.|anwendungsprotokolle für verteilte multimedia-systeme.|inkrementelles graphlayout im visualisierungssystem da vinci.|ein verteilter objektspeicher für entkoppelten betrieb.|skeleton based implicit surfaces for modeling, animation, and visualization.|enterprise tomography - ein effizientes diagnoseverfahren zur semiautomatischen lokalisierung von polymorphen integrationskonzepten in unternehmenssoftwaresystemen.|generische unterstützung von multi-view-entwurfsumgebungen.|a new region matching based approach to computer assisted cartooning.|ein fehlersicheres steuerwerk: kodierung und entwurf.|asynchrone iterationsverfahren zur lösung linearer gleichungssysteme auf massiv parallelen multiprozessorrechnern.|das delta-transaktionsmodell zur unterstützung von nicht-standard-anwendungen.|ein prozessmustergesteuerter dienstgütealgorithmus für computernetze.|oberflächenrepräsentation durch punktwolken.|optimierte software- und hardware-strukturen für constraint-netze.|mobile agenten und electronic commerce: modelle und mechanismen zur mensch-maschine-interaktion und visuellen programmierung.|algorithmen und untere schranken für verallgemeinerte obdds.|mikroarchitektursynthese durch quelltexttransformationen in einer hardwarebeschreibungssprache.|high efficiency ldpc coded modulation.|operating system support for predictable high speed communication.|eine architektur zur unterstützung von awareness für die kooperation in web-basierten lernumgebungen.|design of multiuser multiantenna wireless communication systems.|dienstgüte-orientiertes ressourcen-management in drahtlosen netzen.|eine infrastruktur für den einsatz autonomer mobiler agenten im electronic commerce.|algebraic soft- and hard-decision decoding of generalized reed-solomon and cyclic codes.|dezentrale, universelle steuerungsarchitektur für flexible fertigungssysteme: ein beitrag zur reduzierung der softwareentwicklungskosten in der fertigungstechnik.|energy-efficient context-aware software design for ambient assisted living applications.|taking mobile multi-object tracking to the next level.|approaching the problem of access control in distributed, heterogeneous and autonomous information systems.|automatisierung verfahrenstechnischer prozesse durch echtzeitexpertensysteme.|steuerung verteilter simulatoren für zeitdiskrete systeme.|open mobility platform based on dynamic directory services.|klinische dokumentation als instrument der qualitätskontrolle und erkenntnisgewinnung in der fachklinik hornheide.|schuldnerberatung im wandel: von der traditionellen sozialarbeit zur computergestützten dienstleistung.|performance and dependability modelling with second order fluid stochastic petri nets.|kommunikation in interaktiven räumen.|ein beitrag zur unternehmensweiten suche in heterogenen datenbeständen: entwurf, entwicklung und einsatz einer referenzarchitektur.|a conceptual framework for devising adaptive user interfaces to improve the usability of mobile erp.|qualitätsbewertung von prozessen und prozeßergebnissen durch integrierten einsatz von fuzzy-logic und fuzzy-arithmetic: generierende software zum aufbau eines kennzahlenbasierten qualitätsinformationssystems für die kleinserien- und einzelfertigung.|psychoakustische verifikation von computermodellen zur binauralen raumsimulation.|lightweight semantic-enabled enterprise service-oriented architecture.|homogene kommunikationsplattform für das medizinische telemonitoring.|nichtlineare informationsverarbeitung in biologischen und technischen sehsystemen: eine analyse mit volterra-reihen und statistiken höherer ordnung.|abstrakte datentypen und temporale logik: ein kombinierter spezifikationsansatz.|bauteilübergreifende maß-, form- und lagetoleranzanalye auf basis eines objektorientierten technologiemodells.|rechnergestützte analyse von datensätzen mit unscharfen clusteralgorithmen.|räumliche audio-visuelle integration und ihre anwendungen.|dienstorientierte plattform zur gewährleistung von arbeitssicherheit mit intelligenten textilien.|a cloud storage overlay to aggregate heterogeneous cloud services.|entwicklung eines informationssystems zur strategischen planung des werkzeugbaus: ein beitrag zur strategiefindung auf basis von benchmarking-ergebnissen.|segmentierung von volumendaten.|optimistische verteilte spielbaumsuche am beispiel des computerschachs.|funktionale integration technischer dv-systeme durch den einsatz verteilter systeme.|künstliche neuronale netze als statische ersatznetze in der energieversorgung.|simulation und bewertung von verkehrsszenen für fahrerassistenzsysteme im kreuzungsbereich.|verteilte lösung harter probleme: schneller lastausgleich.|lebenszyklusunterstützung in kooperativen lehrsystemen.|ein transceiverkonzept für die interfahrzeugkommunikation bei 64 ghz.|designing digital services with cryptographic guarantees for data security and privacy.|mediennutzung im studium: eine empirische untersuchung am karlsruher institut für technologie.|ansätze zur unterstützung der oberen führungsebene durch wissensbasierte planungs- und kontrollsysteme.|ray tracing for light and radio wave simulations.|program optimization for temporal reasoning within a logic programming framework.|entwicklung von verfahren und elementen zur optischen 3d-lokalisierung in der computerassistierten chirurgie.|planungs- und workflow-methodik für eine integrierte konstruktion und arbeitsplanung.|compositional partial order semantics of petri boxes.|encoded bitmap indexes and their use for data warehouse optimization.|agentenbasierte dynamische testfallpriorisierung.|entwicklung objektorientierter analysemodelle für informationssysteme auf grundlage von prozessmodellen.|eine werkzeuginfrastruktur zur agilen entwicklung mit der uml-p.|statistische modellierung, klassifikation und lokalisation von objekten.|efficient and adaptive image data handling within a mobile environment.|enabling disruption tolerant services.|dezentrale produktionsplanung und -steuerung bei gruppenfertigung.|federation and migration among database systems.|ein architekturkonzept zum entwurf flexibler betriebssysteme.|vehicle self-localization using high-precision digital maps.|montitrans: agile, modellgetriebene entwicklung von und mit domänenspezifischen, kompositionalen transformationssprachen.|statistical mechanics of pattern recognition in a neural network.|coding of higher order motion parameters for video compression.|methoden der merkmalsextraktion für die robuste erkennung von buchstabiersequenzen in geräuschbehafteter umgebung.|anfrageoptimierung durch abstrakte interpretation für ein deduktives datenbanksystem.|analysis, design and traceabilitiy of model tranformations.|correlating flow-based network measurements for service monitoring and network troubleshooting.|quantitative bewertung hochverfügbarer systeme.|beitrag zur auswahl chemischer reaktoren mittels heuristisch-numerischer verfahren.|parallele netzwerksimulation auf multicomputern.|konformitätstesten von managementobjekten im netz- und systemmanagement.|vertical handoff and single sign-on solutions for seamless service provisioning.|a systematic approach to control structure design.|online monitoring in software dsm systems.|datenschutz und datensicherheit in offenen rechnernetzen: eine technische lösung exemplarisch ausgeführt für den krankenhausbereich.|optimierung von statischen routingverfahren in speziellen graphenklassen.|anwendung von expertensystemtechniken zur diagnose und optimierung komplexer, variantenreicher verfahrenstechnischer prozesse.|kontext-indexierung - dokumentenmanagement im spannungsfeld zwischen arbeitsorganisatorischer kompetenz und knowledge-engineering: ein dokumentationskonzept zur indexierung von kontexten und arbeitsständen auf basis elektronischer ordnerstrukturen.|software-entwicklung mit objektorientierten frameworks.|a program partitioning, restructuring, and mapping method for xputers.|zur modellierung intelligenter nichtlinearer systeme auf der basis von künstlichen neuronalen netzen.|zustandsbeobachter für nichtlineare systeme.|design and evaluation of an ultra-reliable low-latency wireless network protocol.|reinforcement learning for industrial applications.|ein verfahren zur objektorientierten modellierung der produktionsplanung und -steuerung.|komplexitätsanalysen für bdd-artige datenstrukturen.|experimentelle untersuchungen zur festlegung und konsistenz suprasegmentaler einheiten für die automatische spracherkennung.|kooperative informationsmodellentwicklung: grundlegende methodische und informationstechnologische aspekte.|a model-based methodology for tool supported design of automated systems.|prediction and parameter coding for non-rectangular block partitioning.|entwicklung eines aufgabenorientierten greif- und bahnplanungssystems für die automatisierte montage mit scara-robotern.|nichtgleichgewichtsphasenübergänge in der menschlichen motorik und erweiterungen des synergetischen computers.|evolutionary algorithms for multiobjective optimization: methods and applications.|wissensbasierte unterstützung bei der benutzung komplexer technischer systeme: angewendet auf die arbeit von piloten mit dem flight-management-system (fms).|team-informationsmanagement: konzepte und implementierung eines agentenbasierten team-informationsmanagement-systems (atims).|software architectures in computer graphics.|issues in telecommunication networks resiliency: analysis and design concepts.|betriebsdatengeschütztes pps-controlling für die durchlaufzeitorientierte grobplanung bei einzel- und kleinserienfertigung.|pool: probabilistic object oriented logical representation and retrieval of complex objects: a model for hypermedia retrieval.|two-stage programming: compilation and case studies.|dynamic horizontal image translation in stereo 3d.|symbolic methods applied to formal verification and synthesis in embedded systems design.|integration und analyse von artefakten in der modellbasierten entwicklung eingebetteter software.|ein adaptives verfahren zur farbkorrektur auf displaysystemen.|berechnungsstärken von teilklassen primitiv-rekursiver programmschemata.|entwurf und vergleich von erkennungsverfahren sowie methoden zum fotoausschluß für die automatische gesichtserkennung.|entwicklung kooperativer graphisch-interaktiver anwendungen.|einsatz von lasttransformationen und ihren invertierungen zur realitätsnahen lastmodellierung in rechnernetzen.|learning topography in neural networks: towards a better understanding of cortical topography.|gewinnung semantischer 3d-modelle aus fotografien.|an efficient runtime system combining dataflow, multithreading, and distributed shared memory.|ein ansatz für eine allgemeine theorie kontextfreier spracherkennung.|websites als qualitätssignal: eine empirische analyse der effekte augewählter website-elemente.|objekt-orientierter systementwurf für diskrete dynamische systeme.|mikroelektronische emulation biologischer neuronen.|data driven 3-d rigid body motion and structure estimation.|typerweiterungen im enf2-datenmodell.|static output feedback design problems.|automatisierte hardware-software-partitionierung im entwurf integrierter echtzeitsysteme.|verquickung der mathematischen und informatischen forschung an zivilen deutschen hochschulen mit der modernen kriegsführung.|migration auf massiv parallelen systemen im mehrbenutzerbetrieb.|entwurf und erprobung eines pc-basierten systems zur diagnose und therapie von störungen der lexikalischen sprachverarbeitung und des räumlichen hörens.|methodik zur objektorientierten modellierung und hardware-software-covalidation komplexer telekommunikationssysteme.|faire semantiken.|nichtabstreitbarkeit der weitergabe von dokumenten.|reziproke verbindung neuronaler netze zur mustererkennung mit der biologischen erforschung des visuellen systems der kröte.|psychoakustisch motivierte maße zur instrumentellen sprachgütebeurteilung.|analoge schaltungstechnik für die emulation biologieorientierter neuronenmodelle.|adaptionsmechanismen für telefonbasierte spracherkennungssysteme.|secure and efficient routing in highly dynamic wlan mesh networks.|prozessbegleitende automatisierte identifizierung von problemlösestrategien lernender beim lösen algorithmischer probleme mit programmierumgebungen in der sekundarstufe i.|verbesserung der bildverarbeitungsgestützten rißdetektion an schweißnahtradiographien mit neuronalen netzen.|discrete time cellular neural networks.|sprecherspezifische parametrisierung von sprachgrundfrequenzverläufen: analyse, synthese und evaluation.|formalisierung objektorientierter datenbanken auf der grundlage von odmg.|on the security of des and des-like block ciphers against differential cryptanalysis.|entwicklung einer methode zur automatischen 2d/3d-produktmodellwandlung.|dynamische lastausgleichsverfahren in heterogenen netzwerken: entwurf und implementierung einer klassenbibliothek zur lastbalancierung paralleler programme.|vision guided flame control using fuzzy sets and neural networks.|verfahren zur merkmalsselektion für die klassifikation mit künstlichen neuronalen netzen.|modellbasierte generierung von cad-framework-komponenten.|problemidentifikation in objektorientierten softwarestrukturen.|paralleles sortieren auf mehrdimensionalen gittern.|kodierte anregung und dämpfungsabhängige mismatched-filterung im diagnostischen ultraschall.|wissensbasierte kapazitäts-, terminplanung von konstruktionsprozessen.|policies in integrated network and systems management: methodologies for the definition, transformation, and application of management policies.|concepts for enhancing correspondence vector field quality.|entwicklungsunterstützung für offene verteilte hypermedia-systeme.|parametrisierungs- und lokalisierungstechniken in der spline-oberflächenapproximation.|modellbildung und simulation mit hybriden höheren netzen.|visual big data lifecycle management.|eine logische behandlung der verteilten und mehrstufigen planerkennung.|integration von kommunikationsfähigkeiten in cyber-physische systemkomponenten.|entwurfsmuster für cscw-systeme.|task based security for knowledge base systems.|polarisationsmodendispersion in hochratigen faseroptischen übertragungssystemen: modellierung, auswirkung und kompensation.|charakterisierung, modellierung und transformation von videoverkehrslasten.|datenpfadsynthese mit hilfe von ganzzahliger linearer optimierung.|unscharfe klassifikationsverfahren in der medizinischen diagnostik.|sprachmodellprozesse bei vorgabe theoretischer und anwendungsorientierter eigenschaften.|component integration in metaframe.|virtuelles schneiden in volumendaten.|measuring and analyzing video downloads in bittorrent.|artefaktbasierte analyse modellgetriebener softwareentwicklungsprojekte.|physikalische realisierung neuartiger kopplungsmechanismen in neuronalen netzwerken.|operationalisierung des informationsbegriffs und modellbildung von betrieblichen informationssystemen zur entscheidungsunterstützung.|statistische verfahren zur unterstützung der prosodischen segmentierung und etikettierung deutscher spontansprache.|preserving privacy in distributed energy management.|software-gestützte planung cyber-physischer montagesysteme mittels durchgängiger informationsnutzung.|a view based approach to three-dimensional object perception.|modellierung und handhabung von beziehungen zwischen managementobjekten im osi-netzmanagement.|automatische merkmalsauswahl für neuronale netze mit anwendung in der pixelbezogenen klassifikation von bildern.|feature localization and design understanding for hardware designs.|deklarative spezifikation von oberflächen für tools für visuelle sprachen.|detailed visual person analysis based on attribrute models learned from data.|ein formalismus für die generierung von expertensystemen zur lösung von konfigurationsaufgaben aus konzeptuellen spezifikationen des expertenwissens.|entwicklung eines entscheidungsunterstützungssystems zur zeitparametereinstellung.|ein aktives triangulationssensor-system zur schnellen gewinnung räumlicher informationen aus dynamischen szenen.|interaktive hypertext-anwendungen in vertrieb und marketing.|adaptives, regelbasiertes routing in verbindungsnetzwerken für parallelrechner und workstation-cluster.|resynthese natürlichsprachlicher äußerungen zur auditiven verifikation einer prosodischen etikettierung.|exploiting the social structure of human mobility for opportunistic networks.|automatic speaker identification by artificial neural networks.|dynamische probabilistische bewegungsmodelle mittels verhaltensmodellierung.|konstruktive lernverfahren neuronaler klassifikatoren.|beteiligungsorientierte systemanpassung: vom basissystem zur arbeitsumgebung.|flexible vlsi architectures for the iterative decoding of parallel concatenated convolutional codes.|der modellhierarchieansatz zur beschreibung nebenläufiger, verteilter und transaktionsverarbeitender systeme.|cad-gestützte ansichtenbasierte objekterkennung in komplexen szenen.|agile prozessplanung im produktentstehungsprozess am beispiel der motorenproduktion.|autonomous resource management in dynamic data centers.|delay tolerant networks with heterogeneous mobility: models and implications for algorithms.|3d-reconstruction of vocal fold surface dynamics in functional dysphonia (3d-rekonstruktion von stimmlippenschwingungen bei funktioneller dysphonie).|a contribution to bridge the design gap between software and hardware for complex signal processing systems in mobile communications.|algebraische semantik einer objektorientierten sprache zur spezifikation von hyperdokumenten.|wirtschaftlichkeitsbetrachtung zur telekooperation: am beispiel der fahrzeugentwicklung.|flexible web-based management of components for industrial automation.|3d hypermedia applications: a hierarchical component based concept for animation, interaction, and functionality for 3d hypermedia applications in the internet.|methoden und werkzeuge zur systematischen integration von dateien in föderierte datenbanksysteme.|generische implementierung und programmierung paralleler kommunikations-controller auf basis dynamischer petrinetze.|visual learning with a priori constraints.|round-trip delay ranging with orthogonal frequency division multiplex signals.|algorithmen und schaltungsarchitekturen zur maximum a posteriori faltungsdecodierung.|a formal framework for the design and specification of neural networks.|indikatorenkombination zur inhaltsanalyse digitaler filme.|prozeßorientierte entwicklung von informationssystemen: ein integrierter ansatz.|integrationswerkzeuge in einer softwareentwicklungsumgebung.|eine grafische anfragesprache für temporale datenbanken.|network traffic anomaly detection and evaluation.|organizing and managing grassroots enterprise mashup environments.|payment processes for identity federations: the saml-based payment approach.|peercollaboration: a peer-to-peer collaboration application for large-scale systems.|design and performance analysis of multiprocessor streaming applications.|testing of wireless sensor networks.|optimizing 802.11 wireless communications with machine learning.|semantic business process modeling: principles, design support and realization.|resource management of disruption tolerant networks.|einsatz von middleware über drahtlose zugangsnetze.|verfahren zur spezifikation funktionaler sicherheitsanforderungen für automatisierungssysteme in temporallogik.|transformations of specifications and proofs to support an evolutionary formal software development.|confidentiality of xml documents by pool encryption.|reliability information in channel decoding: practical aspects and information theoretical bounds.|illustrative visualisierungstechniken zur unterstützung der präoperativen planung von chirurgischen eingriffen.|a computational model of motor cognition for iconic gesture processing.|automatic generation of structure preserving models for computer aided geometric design.|personalisierte ehomes: mobilität, privatsphäre und sicherheit.|exbo-framework für ecommerce anwendungen.|seamless handover in mobile ip-based next generation networks: a cross-layer solution for ubiquitous communication over optimized routes in ipv6 networks.|definition and configuration of reliable event detection for application in wireless sensor networks.|shape representations for image based applications.|internetbasierte datenintegration für automatisierungssysteme.|c compiler aided design of application specific instruction set processors using the machine description language lisa.|model-supported process adoption and assessment in the context of multiple practice repositories.|automating acceptance tests for sensor- and actuator-based systems on the example of autonomous vehicles.|design and realization of privacy guaranteeing means for context-sensitive systems.|energy efficient design for portable storages on battery powered computers.|methoden und konzepte der blickrichtungserkennung.|hybrid geometry representations with applications in medical imaging and model repair.|personalization in technology enhanced learning: a social software perspective.|a model for adaptive applications on the semantic web.|shared memory programming on numa-based clusters using a general and open hybrid hardware, software approach.|evolutionäres domain-engineering zur entwicklung von automatisierungssystemen.|statistische stimmenumwandlung in kombination mit prosodischen modellen.|core network mobility: active mpls.|ein kosten-nutzen-modell für die softwareprüfung.|architektur und applikation verteilter, vr-basierter trainingssysteme.|asymmetric and adaptive conference systems for enabling computer supported mobile activities.|application of local model networks to nonlinear system identification and control.|ein framework für die profilbasierte gruppenbildung in ad-hoc-umgebungen.|management dynamischer geschäftsprozesse auf basis statischer prozessmanagementsysteme.|situation-based process monitoring in complex systems considering vagueness and uncertainty.|resource-conscious network security for the ip-based internet of things.|techniken zur simulation von eingebetteten systemen mit abstrakten rtos-modellen.|multiview-systeme zur explorativen analyse unstrukturierter information.|proaktive assistenz zur kontextabhängigen und zielorientierten unterstützung bei der indikationsstellung und anwendung von behandlungsmaßnahmen in der intensivmedizin.|adaptive rates for support vector machines.|komponentenbasierte softwareentwicklung für sicherheitskritische eingebettete systeme.|quad layouts: generation and optimization of conforming quadrilateral surface partitions.|gpu-based medical image segmentation and registration.|models and algorithms for online exploration and search.|learning features for robust object recognition.|verifying concurrent systems with symbolic execution: temporal reasoning is symbolic execution with a little induction.|ein rahmenwerk für operationale spezifikationssprachen: sprachrealisierung und ausführung mittels graphtransformationen.|kompositionale entwicklung domänenspezifischer sprachen.|a dependable middleware for enhancing the fault tolerance of distributed computations in grid environments.|mechanisms, models and tools for flexible protocol development and accurate network experimentation.|monticore: agile entwicklung von domänenspezifischen sprachen im software-engineering.|controlling development processes.|spezifikation und entwicklung universitärer lern- und arbeitsumgebungen.|konzept zur unternehmensplanung, -steuerung und -verwaltung durch objekt- und komponentenorientierte entwicklung.|techniques for analyzing classes of subdivision algorithms at extraordinary points.|object localization using stereo vision.|effizienter schutz der it-sicherheit auf der feldebene von automatisierungssystemen.|dynamische kompensation von nichtlinearen verzerrungen mit genetischer programmierung.|context management and personalisation: a tool suite for context and user aware computing.|a combinatorial approach to orthogonal placement problems.|universelle fernservice-infrastruktur für eingebettete systeme.|multimodal learning of grounded concepts in embodied systems.|testing life cycle-related properties of mobile applications = testen von lebenszykluseigenschaften mobiler anwendungen.
shaker media,fremdsprachlicher akzent als problem der sprachtechnologie: grundlagen, entwurf und implementierung eines regelsystems zur modellierung akzentgefärbter aussprache.
shaker verlag,fachdidaktische studien ii.
shared encounters,ubiquitous media for collocated interaction.
shared-memory synchronization,shared-memory synchronization
sharing network resources,sharing network resources
sierke,untersuchung von programmieransätzen im maschinen- und anlagenbau bezüglich ihrer gebrauchstauglichkeit sowie ihrer einflüsse auf die softwaremodularisierung.|implementierung der grammatik des modernen mongolischen in der funktionalen programmiersprache "grammatical framework".|automatische generierung von softwareagenten für die industrielle automatisierungstechnik der steuerungsebene des maschinen- und anlagenbaus auf basis der systems modeling language.|prioritization and demand management for distributed transaction processing systems.|agiles projektmanagement für analytische informationssysteme: konstruktion und evaluation einer situativen methode.|risikoorientierte instandhaltung von leistungstransformatoren basierend auf einem regel- und fallorientierten inspektionsverfahren.|entwicklung und evaluation einer modellierungssprache für den architekturentwurf von verteilten automatisierungsanlagen auf basis der systems modeling language (sysml).|dynamisches redeployment von steuerungssoftware in verteilten automatisierungssystemen während der laufzeit.|modellgetriebene entwicklung von steuerungssoftware auf basis der uml unter berücksichtigung der domänenspezifischen anforderungen des maschinen- und anlagenbaus.|anforderungsermittlung an ein beschreibungsmittel und erweiterung einer gerätebeschreibungssprache für die modulare automatisierung im maschinen- und anlagenbau.|methoden zur ermittlung montagerelevanter eigenschaften in der automobilindustrie mithilfe von konnektivitätsgraphen.|qualitative interaktive erlebnisse.|agent-based real-time coordination of power flow controllers = agentenbasierte realzeitkoordinierung von leistungsflussreglern.|aesthetics and art in the early development of human-computer interfaces.|rechnerunterstützung zur effizienzsteigerung von simulationsstudien bei der entwicklung mechatronischer systeme.|capability-based system-aware planning and scheduling of workflows for adaptable manufacturing systems.|entwurf und optimierung einer echtzeit-prozesskommunikation für die schutz-und leittechnik der elektrischen energieversorgung.|early detection of mesothelioma through automatic identification of pleural thickenings.|image processing for computed tomography applications: segmentation of vascular structures in human organs.|vergleich und evaluation von beschreibungsmitteln für die automatisierung hybrider prozesse.|it infrastructure modeling language: eine domänenspezifische sprache für it-infrastrukturen.
sierke verlag,fachliche modellierung mit bpmn im kontext der entwicklung von anwendungssystemen.|mathematische modellierung eines raumes zur nutzung in einem dynamischen cyber-physischen system.
signal processing for solar array monitoring, fault detection, and optimization,signal processing for solar array monitoring, fault detection, and optimization
signal processing of random physiological signals,signal processing of random physiological signals
similarity joins in relational database systems,similarity joins in relational database systems
similarity-based pattern analysis and recognition,on the combination of information-theoretic kernels with generative embeddings.
simplified models for assessing heat and mass transfer in evaporative towers,simplified models for assessing heat and mass transfer in evaporative towers
single-instruction multiple-data execution,single-instruction multiple-data execution
situational awareness for assistive technologies,possible-world and multiple-context semantics for common-sense action planning.
skaker,strukturierung von grossen werkstückspektren mit verfahren der klassifikatorischen und unscharfen datenanalyse.
smart charging and anti-idling systems,smart charging and anti-idling systems
smart health,state-of-the-art and future challenges in the integration of biobank catalogues.
smart information and knowledge management,influence of the working strategy on a-team performance.|uml2sql - a tool for model-driven development of data access layer.
smart micro-grid systems security and privacy,inferring private user behaviour based on information leakage.
smart modeling and simulation for complex systems,hiprank: ranking nodes by influence propagation based on authority and hub.|smart modeling and simulation for complex systems - practice and theory
smart textiles,textile building blocks: toward simple, modularized, and standardized smart textile.
smartkom,multimodal speech synthesis.
smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing,smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing
smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing (2nd edition),smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing, second edition
social informatics evolving,social informatics evolving
social information access,location recommendation with social media data.
social media and civic engagement,social media and civic engagement: history, theory, and practice
social media and library services,social media and library services
social media retrieval,georeferencing in social networks.|social aware tv content delivery over intelligent networks.|privacy in recommender systems.
social network analysis,characterization of user online dating behavior and preference on a large online dating site.
social network based big data analysis and applications,prepaid or postpaid? that is the question: novel methods of subscription type prediction in mobile phone services.
social networks: a framework of computational intelligence,explaining variation in state involvement in cyber attacks: a social network approach.
social networks: analysis and case studies,social media: the evolution of e-health services.|ranking authors on the web: a semantic authorrank.|experiences using bds: a crawler for social internetworking scenarios.
social semantic web,social bookmarking am beispiel bibsonomy.
social semantic web mining,social semantic web mining
soft computing applications in business,a decision making system for the treatment of dental caries.|cbr based engine for business internal control.
soft computing applications in industry,a survey of artificial neural network-based modeling in agroecology.
soft computing applications in optimization, control, and recognition,cellular processing algorithms.|methodology of design: a novel generic approach applied to the course timetabling problem.
soft computing for business intelligence,time series classification with motifs and characteristics.
soft computing for hybrid intelligent systems,scalability potential of multi-core architecture in a neuro-fuzzy system.|high performance parallel programming of a ga using multi-core technology.
soft computing for intelligent control and mobile robotics,iterated local search algorithm for the linear ordering problem with cumulative costs (lopcc).
soft computing for knowledge discovery and data mining,genetic clustering for data mining.|improved som labeling methodology for data mining applications.
soft computing for recognition based on biometrics,soft computing approaches to the problem of infant cry classification with diagnostic purposes.|variable length number chains generation without repetitions.
soft computing in artificial intelligence,recursive neuro-fuzzy algorithm for flow prediction and pump on-off minimization.|fuzzy logic and neural network based induction control in a diesel engine.|an artificial neural network based on the architecture of the cerebellum for behavior learning.
soft computing in green and renewable energy systems,a novel fuzzy-based methodology for biogas fuelled hybrid energy systems decision making.
soft computing in humanities and social sciences,facing uncertainty in digitisation.
soft computing in web information retrieva,a genetic programming approach for combining structural and citation-based evidence for text classification in web digital libraries.
soft computing in xml data management,attractive interface for xml: convincing naive users to go online.|human centric data representation: from fuzzy relational databases into fuzzy xml.
soft computing techniques in vision science,immunised navigational controller for mobile robot navigation.|an intelligent agent based intrusion detection system using fuzzy rough set based outlier detection.
soft computing: state of the art theory and novel applications,social network analysis of co-fired fuzzy rules.
software agents, agent systems and their applications,multi-agent systems, ontologies and negotiation for dynamic service composition in multi-organizational environmental management.|implementing glideragent - an agent-based decision support system for glider pilots.
software and network engineering,features detection from industrial noisy 3d ct data for reverse engineering.
software and systems safety - specification and verification,model-based testing.|model-based verification and analysis for real-time systems.|software and systems safety - specification and verification
software engineering research, management and applications,object tracking method using ptamm and estimated foreground regions.|design pattern for self-adaptive rte systems monitoring.
software engineering, artificial intelligence, networking and parallel/distributed computing,field server system using solar energy based on wireless sensor.|a data mining based publish/subscribe system over structured peer-to-peer networks.|layering mda: applying transparent layers of knowledge to platform independent models.|a study on the design of ubiquitous sensor networks based on wireless mesh networks for ubiquitous-greenhouse.|usage distribution coverage: what percentage of expected use has been executed in software testing?|a self-adaptive greedy scheduling scheme for a multi-objective optimization on identical parallel machines.
software engineering: evolution and emerging technologies,rad tool for object code generation: a case study.
software evolution,architectural transformations: from legacy to three-tier and services.
software for exascale computing,ffmk: a fast and fault-tolerant microkernel-based system for exascale computing.
software safety and security,software safety and security - tools for analysis and verification
software science and engineering,an algebraic method for verifying progress property of communication protocols.
software systems safety,boolean satisfiability: solvers and extensions.|software systems safety|frameworks for interprocedural analysis of concurrent programs.|programming in paragon.|sat-based model checking: interpolation, ic3, and beyond.
software-intensive systems and new computing paradigms,change-enabled software systems.
solutions on embedded systems,coverage-driven verification of hdl ip cores - case study of a router for network-on-chip communication in embedded systems.|embedded data logging platform for research in diving physiology - monitoring ecg and blood oxygenation of apnea divers.|embedded systems in the poseidon mk6 rebreather - microcontroller network in a life supporting system.|automotive embedded systems - the migration challenges to a time triggered paradigm.
spaces of interaction, places for experience,spaces of interaction, places for experience
sparse adaptive filters for echo cancellation,sparse adaptive filters for echo cancellation
sparse representations for radar with matlab examples,sparse representations for radar with matlab examples
spatial data management,spatial data management
spatiotemporal modeling of influenza,spatiotemporal modeling of influenza: partial differential equation analysis in r
special sciences and the unity of science,introduction.
spectral analysis of signals,spectral analysis of signals: the missing data case
speech enhancement in the karhunen-loève expansion domain,speech enhancement in the karhunen-loève expansion domain
speech recognition algorithms based on weighted finite-state transducers,speech recognition algorithms based on weighted finite-state transducers
speech, audio, image and biomedical signal processing using neural networks,speech/non-speech classification in hearing aids driven by tailored neural networks.
speech-to-speech translation,text-to-speech synthesis.|multilingualization of speech processing.
spektrum,datenbankfähige client-server-anwendungen: generierung aus ooa-modellen.|layoutgestaltung grafischer benutzungsoberflächen: generierung aus ooa-modellen.
spektrum, akad. verlag,multimediale lehr- und lernsysteme: effiziente aufgaben- und animationserstellung.|diagramm-editoren: generierung aus objektorientierten modellinformationen.|objektorientierter entwurf von nebenläufigen, verteilten und echtzeitfähigen softwaresystemen.
spoken dialogue systems,spoken dialogue systems
sport und buch strauss, ed. sport,entwicklung neuer elemente im kunstturnen unter verwendung dreidimensionaler computersimulation.
springer,radio link quality estimation in low-power wireless networks|ieee 802.15.4 and zigbee as enabling technologies for low-power wireless systems with quality-of-service constraints
springer / atlantis press,type systems for distributed programs: components and sessions.
springer gabler,intelligence systeme im logistik- und supply chain management: entwicklung eines metamodells für einen weiterführenden managementansatz.|operational business intelligence im kontext der analyse und steuerung von geschäftsprozessen.|social media in organisationen: strukturation und computervermittelte kommunikation.|aufgabengerechte informationsbereitstellung in zeiten von big data: konsequenzen für ein informationsmanagement.|nutzerakzeptanz von webbasierten anwendungen: modell zur akzeptanzmessung und identifikation von verbesserungspotenzialen.|konsumenteneinstellungen im social web: neuartige ansätze im internetbezogenen kontext.|entscheidungsunterstützung in elektronischen verhandlungen: eine analyse unter besonderer berücksichtigung von unvollständigen informationen.|usability evaluation of modeling languages: an empirical research study.|mobile augmented reality for human scale interaction with geospatial models: the benefit for industrial applications.|interdependencies in the discovery and adoption of facebook applications: an empirical investigation.|wertorientiertes controlling von service-orientierten informationssystemen: erfolgsfaktoren flexibler it-applikationen.|verstellungen in inkriminierten schreiben: eine linguistische analyse verstellten sprachverhaltens in erpresserschreiben und anderen inkriminierten texten.|informationsaustausch in der maritimen transportkette: untersuchung der prozessleistung im datenfluss und der kapazitätsauslastung.|paradigm shift in urban mobility: towards factor 10 of automobility.|dynamic capabilities und wettbewerbsfähigkeit durch cloud computing: it-wertbeitrag bei zunehmender it-industrialisierung.|firms in open source software development: managing innovation beyond firm boundaries.|opinion mining im web 2.0: ansätze, methoden, vorgehensmodell.|the strategic role of software customization: managing customization-enabled software product development.|fundierung der konstruktion agiler methoden: anpassung, instanziierung und evaluation der methode pik-as.|marken im social web: zur bedeutung von marken in online-diskursen.
springer spektrum,räumliche analyse und visualisierung von mietpreisdaten: untersuchungen im anwendungskontext von immobilienportalen.|on black-box models of computation in cryptology.
springer vieweg,anwendungsbezogenes projektmanagement - praxis und theorie für projektleiter
springer vs,big data: potential und barrieren der nutzung im unternehmenskontext.|informationsschreiben in der it-branche: ein leitfaden und qualitätsprüfungsverfahren.|wissenschaftliche weiterbildung für it-wissensarbeiter: bedingungen und motive der teilnahme und nichtteilnahme.|die arzt-patient-beziehung in einer digitalisierten welt: zur kommunikativen konstruktion einer mediatisierten beziehung.|massive open online courses im kontext von persönlichkeit und prokrastination.
stahleisen,rechnereinsatz in der umformtechnik unter einbindung von expertensystemen.
state of the art in ai applied to ambient intelligence,ekrucami architecture - applications in healthcare domain.
statistical implicative analysis,using the statistical implicative analysis for elaborating behavioral referentials.
statistical language models for information retrieval,statistical language models for information retrieval
statistical models for data analysis,the analysis of network additionality in the context of territorial innovation policy: the case of italian technological districts.
statistical relational artificial intelligence: logic, probability, and computation,statistical relational artificial intelligence: logic, probability, and computation
statistics is easy!,statistics is easy!
statistics is easy! second edition,statistics is easy! second edition
stauffenburg-verlag,texte und bilder in maschinellen modellbildungen.
steiner,felsbilder nordafrikas und der sahara: e. verfahren zu ihrer systemat. erfassung u. auswertung.
stmv, toeche-mittler,softwareentwicklung durch arbeitnehmer, arbeitsrechtliche und immaterialgüterrechtliche zuordnungsinteressen.
stochastic network optimization with application to communication and queueing systems,stochastic network optimization with application to communication and queueing systems
storing clocked programs inside dna: a simplifying framework for nanocomputing,storing clocked programs inside dna: a simplifying framework for nanocomputing
strategic cost fundamentals,strategic cost fundamentals: for designers, engineers, technologists, estimators, project managers, and financial analysts
strategic health technology incorporation,strategic health technology incorporation
strategic voting,strategic voting
stream data management,cape: a constraint-aware adaptive stream processing engine.
strothe,cashplan - ein computergestütztes modell für den unternehmensvorschlag im landwirtschaftlichen unternehmen.
structural changes and their econometric modeling,how to take expert uncertainty into account: economic approach illustrated by pavement engineering applications.|quantum approach explains the need for expert knowledge: on the example of econometrics.
studienverl. brockmeyer,pilotprojekt campus-tv: die universität als kommunikativer handlungsträger.
studienverlag brockmeyer,probleme des persönlichkeitsrechts- und datenschutzes im sozialrecht: (e. analyse d. persönlichkeitsrechtstangierenden normen d. sozialrechts unter bes. berücks. d. grundsatzes d. verhältnismässigkeit).|gewichtete ordinale datenanalyse: ein verfahren zur multiattributiven entscheidungsfindung unter verwendung linearer optimierungstechniken.|die darstellung des rasch-verfahrens und seine möglichkeiten, die existenz von dimensionen zu testen, am beispiel eines fragebogens zur sozialen kompetenz.
studies in conversational ux design,teaching agents when they fail: end user development in goal-oriented conversational agents.
studies of work and the workplace in hci: concepts and techniques,studies of work and the workplace in hci: concepts and techniques
style and ethics of communication in science and engineering,style and ethics of communication in science and engineering
stämpfli,open source software: urheberrechtliche aspekte freier software.|die urheberrechtlichen konsequenzen der veräusserung von computerprogrammen.|stellenbewerbung und datenschutz.|videotex - zivilrechtliche aspekte.|internet und markenschutz: auf der grundlage des schweizerischen markenschutzgesetzes und unter berücksichtigung der uniform dispute resolution policy.
super resolution of images and video,super resolution of images and video
supply chain management under fuzziness,investigating organizational characteristics for sustainable supply chain planning under fuzziness.|fuzzy-ahp approach to improve effectiveness of supply chain.
support vector machines for antenna array processing and electromagnetics,support vector machines for antenna array processing and electromagnetics
supporting real time decision-making,towards a "just-in-time" distributed decision support system in health care research.
surface computing and collaborative analysis work,surface computing and collaborative analysis work
survive and thrive: a guide for untenured faculty,survive and thrive: a guide for untenured faculty
sustainable innovation,sustainable innovation: a guide to harvesting the untapped riches of opposition, unlikely combinations, and a plan b
sustaining moore's law,sustaining moore's law: uncertainty leading to a certainty of iot revolution
swarm intelligence,an agent-based approach to self-organized production.|swarm robotics.
swarm intelligence in data mining,ants constructing rule-based classifiers.
swarm intelligent systems,particle swarm for fuzzy models identification.|a matlab implementation of swarm intelligence based methodology for identification of optimized fuzzy models.|swarm intelligence - searchers, cleaners and hunters.
symmetry problems. the navier-stokes problem,symmetry problems. the navier-stokes problem
symposium on semantics of algorithmic languages,formalization of storage properties.|proving correctness of implementation techniques.|towards automatic program synthesis.
synergies between knowledge engineering and software engineering,knowledge engineering for decision support on diagnosis and maintenance in the aircraft domain.
synthesis of quantum circuits vs. synthesis of classical reversible circuits,synthesis of quantum circuits vs. synthesis of classical reversible circuits
systems engineering: building successful systems,systems engineering: building successful systems
südwestdeutscher verlag für hochschulschriften,drahtlose industrielle automatiserung durch ultrawideband-impulsfunk: ein robustes drahtloses kommunikationssystem für die industrielle automatisierung unter harten echtzeitbedingungen.|entwicklung eines annotationssystems für elektronische lernmaterialien : analyse und design von anmerkungen auf elektronischen dokumenten.|discriminative classifiers for speaker recognition.
tabletops,building interactive multi-touch surfaces.
techn. univ., geodätisches inst.,entwicklung und realisierung einer serviceplattform für internetbasierte, mobile geoanwendungen.
technischer verlag grossmann,rechnerunterstütztes konstruieren von werkzeugmaschinenantrieben: dialogsystem zur variation u. zum optimieren von hauptantrieben spanender werkzeugmaschinen.|planung der fertigungseinrichtungen für flexible fertigungssysteme zur bearbeitung prismatischer werkstücke.|arbeitsplanung mit programmierbarem kleinrechner: unterstützung d. arbeitsplanung durch d. einsatz programmierbarer kleinrechner.
technologies of inclusive well-being,serious games as positive technologies for individual and group flourishing.|a body of evidence: avatars and the generative nature of bodily perception.
technology-enhanced systems and tools for collaborative learning scaffolding,recommendation of learning material through students' collaboration and user modeling in an adaptive e-learning environment.|development and implementation of an enterprise learning architecture for collaborative learning.
tectum verlag,einfluss natürlicher benutzerschnittstellen zur steuerung des sichtfeldes und der fortbewegung auf rezeptionsprozesse in virtuellen lernumgebungen.
tectum-verlag,analyse und synthese evolutionärer algorithmen zur maschinenbelegungsplanung.|planung von aufmerksamkeitssteuernden diskursen: erwartungsverletzung als strategie für die inhaltsplanung.|strafbarkeit intelligenten ausspähens von programmrelevanten dv-informationen.|dynamics of on-line learning in neural networks.|objektorientierung als methodisch-operativer ansatz zur erstellung und integritätssicherung von vlsi-weltmodellen.|entwicklung und demonstration einer echtzeit-datenverarbeitung für hochauflösendes, flugzeuggetragenes wetter-radarsystem mit auswertung des dopplereffekts.|planung optimaler roboter-trajektoren in echtzeit.|ein replikationsmodell für objektbasierte verteilte systeme.|voice recognition by computer.|entwicklung eines strategischen planungsverfahrens für informationssystem-architekturen.|untersuchung zur digitalen informationsverarbeitung in inkrementalen interferenzoptischen messsystemen.|telearbeit: ein drei-länder-vergleich.|halbautomatische akquisition pharmakologischer informationen aus arzneimittelmonographien.|a formal object specification technique using rule-based transformation of partial algebras.|selbstorganisierende karten in spracherkennungssystemen.|entity, relationship-datenmodellierung in axiomatischen spezifikationssprachen.|modellierung und entwicklung eines regelbasierten hypertextes - dargestellt am beispiel der strategischen informationsplanung.|objektorientierter zugriff auf namensräume - protokolle und vererbung.|kombinatiorisch optimierte konstruktion fast-regulärer viereckgitter.|eine numerische methode zur systematischen analyse und bewertung von pld-architekturen unter nutzung der spezifischen eigenschaften mit dem ergebnis der optimierung einer fpga-logikblockzelle.|multimediasysteme im naturwissenschaftlichen lehren und lernen: evaluation zu akzeptanz, nutzungsverhalten und lerneffizienz.|regelung und kontrolle chaotischer systeme.|entwicklung und untersuchung von public-key-algorithmen auf der basis der potenzfunktion in algebraischen strukturen.|dv-gestütztes betriebliches umweltmanagement auf der basis einer multi-agenten-architektur.|muster-orientierter ansatz zur einfacheren realisierung verteilter systeme.|das auf einer multimedialen und intelligenten benutzungsschnittstelle basierte tutorielle hilfesystem für das werkstoffinformationssystem wing-m2.|anwendungen der wavelettransformation in der signalverarbeitung.
tenea,entwurf eines pps-systems zur losgrößen- und terminplanung unter einsatz exakter verfahren.|anfrageoptimierung für olap-anwendungen in virtuellen data warehouses.|objektorientierte geschäftsprozeßmodellierung auf der basis der unified modeling language.|formalisierung visueller modellierungssprachen objektorientierter methoden.|beitrag zum optimalen codebuchentwurf in der vektorquantisierung.
tensor properties of solids, part one,tensor properties of solids, part one: equilibrium tensor properties of solids
tensor properties of solids, part two,tensor properties of solids, part two: transport properties of solids
tensor voting,tensor voting: a perceptual organization approach to computer vision and machine learning
tensors in image processing and computer vision,similar tensor arrays - a framework for storage of tensor array data.
terrorist use of cyberspace and cyber terrorism,steganography in support of the global terrorism.
testing ios apps with hadoopunit,testing ios apps with hadoopunit: rapid distributed gui testing
teubner,anisotropic diffusion in image processing.|dienstvermittlung in verteilten systemen: dienstalgebra, dienstmanagement und dienstanfrageanalyse.|geschäftsprozeßmanagement auf der basis ereignisgesteuerter prozeßketten: formalisierung, analyse und ausführung von epks.|unternehmensweite datenintegration: modular-integrierte datenlogistik in betrieblichen informationssystemen.|computereinsatz im aufsatzunterricht: rechnergestützte analyse von gebrauchstexten und möglichkeiten des schreibens in der sekundarstufe i unter framework iii.|workflow-management in verteilten systemen.|ein denotationales modell für parallele objektbasierte systeme.|robuste und effiziente methoden zur lösung von wegproblemen.|entwicklung einer programmierumgebung für die parallelverarbeitung in der computer-algebra.|informatik-sicherheitsmanagement: eine herausforderung für die unternehmensführung.|handsketch-based diagram editing.|parallele adaptive mehrgitterverfahren.|dialogmodellierung für multimediale benutzerschnittstellen.|multidimensionale datenbanksysteme: modellierung und verarbeitung.|implementierung und parallele verarbeitung von kommunikationssoftware.|algebraische algorithmen zur lösung von linearen differentialgleichungen.|a distributed implementation of flat concurrent prolog on message passing multiprocessor systems.|potentiale der informationstechnik: state of the art und trends aus anwendungssicht.
tewiss - technik und wissen gmbh,entwicklung eines modularen gestensteuerungssystems.|hand gesture and pose recognition using deep learning for hygiene monitoring.|kontaktlose und wahrnehmungsbasierte benutzerschnittstellen in der operationsumgebung durch anwendung der 3d-bildverarbeitung.
tewiss verlag,automated generation of roadmaps for automated guided vehicle systems.
text mining,towards a historical text re-use detection.
the answer machine,the answer machine
the art of interaction,the art of interaction: what hci can learn from interactive art
the ascens approach,tools for ensemble design and runtime.
the captains of energy,the captains of energy: systems dynamics from an energy perspective
the challenge of anticipation,endowing artificial systems with anticipatory capabilities: success cases.
the complexity of noise,the complexity of noise: a philosophical outlook on quantum error correction
the datacenter as a computer (3rd edition),the datacenter as a computer: designing warehouse-scale machines, third edition
the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines,the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines
the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines, second edition,the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines, second edition
the digital revolution,the digital revolution
the effects of hypergravity and microgravity on biomedical experiments,the effects of hypergravity and microgravity on biomedical experiments
the engineering design challenge: a creative process,the engineering design challenge: a creative process
the engineering of mixed reality systems,the experience induction machine: a new paradigm for mixed-reality interaction design and psychological experimentation.
the epistemology of intelligent semantic web systems,the epistemology of intelligent semantic web systems
the estream finalists,decimv2.
the fundamentals of analysis for talented freshmen,the fundamentals of analysis for talented freshmen
the future of digital democracy,knowledge management for democratic governance of socio-technical systems.
the future of personal information management, part i: our information, always and forever,the future of personal information management, part i: our information, always and forever
the garbage crisis: a global challenge for engineers,the garbage crisis: a global challenge for engineers
the geometry of walker manifolds,the geometry of walker manifolds
the geospatial web,geospatial data integration with semantic web services: the emerges approach.
the golden age of polish philosophy,the golden age of polish philosophy - kazimierz twardowski's philosophical legacy
the graph theoretical approach in brain functional networks,the graph theoretical approach in brain functional networks: theory and applications
the hand,current achievements and future directions of hand prostheses controlled via peripheral nervous system.
the human hand as an inspiration for robot hand development,physical human interactive guidance: identifying grasping principles from human-planned grasps.
the human side of engineering,the human side of engineering
the influence of genetics on contemporary thinking,genetics and the human lineage.
the influence of technology on social network analysis and mining,integrating online social network analysis in personalized web search.|db2sna: an all-in-one tool for extraction and aggregation of underlying social networks from relational databases.|building expert recommenders from email-based personal social networks.|cross-domain analysis of the blogosphere for trend prediction.|comparing and visualizing the social spreading of products on a large social network.
the integral: a crux for analysis,the integral: a crux for analysis
the key approach,dynamic logic.|verification of object-oriented software. the key approach - foreword by k. rustan m. leino
the landscape of pervasive computing standards,the landscape of pervasive computing standards
the language grid,language service ontology.|multi-language discussion platform for wikipedia translation.
the lll algorithm,the history of the lll-algorithm.
the making of green engineers,the making of green engineers: sustainable development and the hybrid imagination
the many valued and nonmonotonic turn in logic,fuzzy-set based logics - an history-oriented presentation of their main developments.
the memory system: you can't avoid it, you can't ignore it, you can't fake it,the memory system: you can't avoid it, you can't ignore it, you can't fake it
the multi-agent programming contest,smart-jacamo: an organisation-based team for the multi-agent programming contest.
the notion of relevance in information science,the notion of relevance in information science: everybody knows what relevance is. but, what is it really?
the people's web meets nlp,senso comune: a collaborative knowledge resource for italian.|reciprocal enrichment between basque wikipedia and machine translation.
the practice of crowdsourcing,the practice of crowdsourcing
the protection of critical energy infrastructure against emerging security challenges,protection of electricity transmission infrastructure from natural hazards: from multi-risk assessment to multi-risk governance.|augstsprieguma tikls - responsible body for transmission infrastructure operation, protection, maintenance and development in latvia.
the reaction wheel pendulum,the reaction wheel pendulum
the realism-antirealism debate in the age of alternative logics,which logic for the radical anti-realist?
the rise of modern logic: from leibniz to frege,bolzano as logician.|preface.
the sense of touch and its rendering,2-dof fmri-compatible haptic interface for bimanual motor tasks with grip/load force measurement.|design and evaluation of haptic soft tissue interaction.
the shortest-path problem,the shortest-path problem: analysis and comparison of methods
the smart grid,the smart grid: adapting the power system to new challenges
the structure and properties of color spaces and the representation of color images,the structure and properties of color spaces and the representation of color images
the taxobook, part 2,the taxobook: principles and practices of building taxonomies, part 2 of a 3-part series
the taxobook, part 3,the taxobook: applications, implementation, and integration in search: part 3 of a 3-part series
the taxobook: history, theories, and concepts of knowledge organization,the taxobook: history, theories, and concepts of knowledge organization, part 1 of a 3-part series
the theory of timed i/o automata,the theory of timed i/o automata
the tlm method in electromagnetics,the transmission-line modeling (tlm) method in electromagnetics
the unity of science in the arabic tradition,introduction: the major breakthrough in scientific pratice.|the unity of science in the arabic tradition - science, logic, epistemology and their interactions
theoretical aspects of distributed computing in sensor networks,key management in sensor networks.
theoretical foundations for digital libraries: the 5s (societies, scenarios, spaces, structures, streams) approach,theoretical foundations for digital libraries: the 5s (societies, scenarios, spaces, structures, streams) approach
theoretical information reuse and integration,case indexing by component, context, and encapsulation for knowledge reuse.|reuse and integration of specification logics: the hybridisation perspective.
theories and simulations of complex social systems,high-level simulation model of a criminal justice system.
theory and applications of gaussian quadrature methods,theory and applications of gaussian quadrature methods
theory and models for cyber situation awareness,computer-aided human centric cyber situation awareness.
theory and principled methods for the design of metaheuristics,convergence rates of evolutionary algorithms and parallel evolutionary algorithms.|single-funnel and multi-funnel landscapes and subthreshold-seeking behavior.|designing an optimal search algorithm with respect to prior information.|rugged and elementary landscapes.|formal search algorithms + problem characterisations = executable search strategies.|experimental analysis of optimization algorithms: tuning and beyond.|parsimony pressure made easy: solving the problem of bloat in gp.|principled design of continuous stochastic search: from theory to practice.
theory in cscw,co-realization: toward a principled synthesis of ethnomethodology and participatory design.
three-dimensional integration and modeling,three-dimensional integration and modeling: a revolution in rf and wireless packaging
time series analysis, modeling and applications,how to describe and propagate uncertainty when processing time series: metrological and computational challenges, with potential applications to environmental studies.|predicting hourly ozone concentration time series in dali area of taichung city based on seven types of gm (1, 1) model.
toeche-mittler,expertensystemgestützte prüfung des internal control bei mikrocomputer-einsatz.|datenschutz im beamten- und arbeitsverhältnis.
tools and applications with artificial intelligence,dealing with large datasets using an artificial intelligence clustering tool.|a user-friendly evolutionary tool for high-school timetabling.
topical themes in argumentation theory,the extended pragma-dialectical argumentation theory empirically interpreted.|the costs and benefits of arguing: predicting the decision whether to engage or not.
touching the future technology for autism?,efficiency, applicability, user experience: lessons from testing by a complex mixed mode methodology.
tourism informatics,a system for recommendation of accommodation facilities adaptable to user interest.|adaptive user interface for personalized transportation guidance system.
toward robotic socially believable behaving systems (i),laughter research: a review of the ilhaire project.
toward robotic socially believable behaving systems (ii),fostering user engagement in face-to-face human-agent interactions: a survey.|towards modelling multimodal and multiparty interaction in educational settings.|the relevance of context and experience for the operation of historical sound change.|detecting abnormal behavioral patterns in crowd scenarios.
towards hardware-intrinsic security,leakage resilient cryptography in practice.|from statistics to circuits: foundations for future physical unclonable functions.
towards intelligent engineering and information technology,recent advances in intelligent robots at j. stefan institute.
towards interoperable research infrastructures for environmental and earth sciences,case study: envri science demonstrators with d4science.
towards modern collaborative knowledge sharing systems,evaluation of docbook 5.0 in documenting research applications.
towards paraconsistent engineering,paraconsistent artificial neural network for structuring statistical process control in electrical engineering.|temporal logic modeling of biological systems.
towards security in medical telematics,guidelines for secure system development and secure implementation.|data protection and security within tanit.
towards service robots for everyday environments,range-based people detection and tracking for socially enabled service robots.|a mixed-initiative approach to interactive robot tutoring.|scene analysis for service robots.
towards the future of fuzzy logic,towards the future of fuzzy logic|formalizing the informal, precisiating the imprecise: how fuzzy logic can help mathematicians and physicists by formalizing their intuitive ideas.|applying fuzzy mathematics to empirical work in political science.
towards the internet of services,the theseus use cases.
trading agents,trading agents
tragedy in the gulf: a call for a new engineering ethic,tragedy in the gulf: a call for a new engineering ethic
transaction processing on modern hardware,transaction processing on modern hardware
transactional memory,transactional memory
transactional memory (2.ed.),transactional memory, 2nd edition
transcript,hirnzirkel: kreisende prozesse in computer und gehirn: zur neurokybernetischen vorgeschichte der informatik.|geomediale fiktionen: map mashups - zur renaissance der literarischen kartographie in der digitalen literatur.|dinge - nutzer - netze: von der virtualisierung des musealen zur musealisierung des virtuellen.|flächen - bahnen - knoten: geocaching als praktik der raumerzeugung.|mittelalter-computer-spiele: zur darstellung und modellierung von geschichte im populären computerspiel.|internetauftritte: eine theatergeschichte der neuen medien.|musik - raum - technik: zur entwicklung und anwendung der graphischen programmierumgebung "max".|textverarbeitung: eine mediengeschichte des computers als schreibmaschine.
transformative teaching,transformative teaching: a collection of stories of engineering faculty's pedagogical journeys
transforming ergonomics with personalized health and intelligent workplaces,towards perceptual spaces for empowering ergonomy in workplaces by using interactive process mining.
transforming technologies to manage our information: the future of personal information management, part 2,transforming technologies to manage our information: the future of personal information management, part 2
transient electro-thermal modeling of bipolar power semiconductor devices,transient electro-thermal modeling of bipolar power semiconductor devices
transient signals on transmission lines,transient signals on transmission lines: an introduction to non-ideal effects and signal integrity issues in electrical systems
translating euclid: designing a human-centered mathematics,translating euclid: designing a human-centered mathematics
transparent-verlag,surface reconstruction from planar contours via angle criteria.
trauner,techniken zur erweiterung von www-servern für interaktive anwendungen.|entwicklung eines sicherheitsmodells für offene verteilte web-services-anwendungen.|concepts and techniques for object oriented software development: illustrated by an application framework for process automation.|objektorientierte und konventionelle automatisierungssoftware im vergleich.|oberon-d on adding database functionality to an object oriented development environment.|trigsflow - workflow management based on active object oriented database systems and extended transaction mechanisms.|modellbildung und verifikation von komplexen digitalen schaltungen in einem designflow basierend auf vhdl und synthese.|konzepte und verfahren für die software-versionsverwaltung.|der reformprozeß in der öffentlichen verwaltung vor dem hintergrund der informationsgesellschaft: dargestellt am beispiel von bürgerinformationssystemen in online-medien als weiterentwicklung des bürgeramtskonzeptes der stadt berlin.|designing interactive systems: key issues for a holistic approach.|composable message semantics in object oriented programming languages.|crosscompiler am beispiel der übersetzung von fortran nach ada.|verfahren zur beschleunigten systemsimulation mit vhdl durch integration von externen hardware-software-komponenten.|prototyping verteilter objektorientierter prozesssteuerungssysteme.
trauner verlag,der nutzen semantischer technologien bei erstellung und pflege von rechtstexten am beispiel von curricula.
tredition,homo ludens in the loop: playful human computation systems.
tremor: from pathogenesis to treatment,tremor: from pathogenesis to treatment
trends in neural computation,learning mechanisms in networks of spiking neurons.
trust in social media,trust in social media
trust in technology,'its about time': temporal features of dependability.
tu ilmenau,efficient processing of large-scale spatio-temporal data.|a qos model for highly variable mobile networks.|effiziente simulationsbasierte optimierung farbiger stochastischer petri-netze.|generalized database index structures on massively parallel processor architectures.
tudpress,prosodic analysis and synthesis: application in computer-assisted language learning.|automatische erkennung paralinguistischer merkmale zur bewertung der gesprächsqualität in callcentern: zweistufige maschinelle klassifikation mittels multipler lernverfahren und perzeptiver kriterien.|analyse- und entwurfsmethoden für verbindungsarchitekturen neuromorpher systeme.|visuelle exploration multidimensionaler informationsräume.|beiträge zur automatischen erkennung von kindersprache.|suchraumoptimierung mit gewichteten endlichen automaten in der akustischen mustererkennung.|speech recognition-synthesis system for amharic: a unified hmm based approach.|statistische ein-klassen-signalbewertung mit akustischen datenbasen selbstbeschreibender daten.|phonsegmentierte, nichtlineare zeitskalierung von sprache: algorithmen und anwendung auf wahrnehmungsuntersuchungen sehbehinderter probanden.|entwicklung und analyse eines verfahrens zur abbildung neuronaler netzwerkarchitekturen auf neuromorphische emulationssysteme.|optical flow-based perception, behavior-based control, and topological path planning for mobile robots using fuzzy logic concepts.|formalisierung gestischer eingabe für multitouch-systeme.|multi-objective optimization utilizing cluster analysis applied to dimensional transposed problems.|untersuchungen zum wahrnehmungsrealismus von abbildern und bildern: computergrafische optimierungsansätze im spannungsfeld von bildhafter gestaltung, virtueller architektur und visueller wahrnehmung.|erkennung geometrischer eigenschaften virtueller objekte auf basis eines einpunkt-kontakts und daraus generiertem kinästhetischen, taktilen und auditiven feedback.|beitrag zur variablenselektion und mustererkennung bei zeitveränderlichen transmissionsspektren.|aufgabenbasierte komposition von user-interface-mashups.|föderative architektur: ein ansatz für eine funktionsorientierte selbstorganisierende elektrik-elektronik-architektur.
tuduv-verlagsgesellschaft,entscheidungstheorie und ethik.
twin-win research (2nd edition),twin-win research: breakthrough theories and validated solutions for societal benefit, second edition
ubiquitous display environments,the design, deployment and evaluation of situated display-based systems to support coordination and community.
ubiquitous knowledge discovery,minefleet®: the vehicle data stream mining system for ubiquitous environments.
ubiquitous music,methods in creativity-centred design for ubiquitous musical activities.
ulmer,entwicklung und nutzung pflanzenbaulicher software im verbund zwischen personal-computer, bildschirmtext und grossrechenanlagen.
uncertain schema matching,uncertain schema matching
uncertainty approaches for spatial data modeling and processing,querying fuzzy spatiotemporal databases: implementation issues.|decision support classification of geospatial and regular objects using rough and fuzzy sets.
uncertainty quantification in computational fluid dynamics,implementation of intrusive polynomial chaos in cfd codes and application to 3d navier-stokes.
understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part i,understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part i
understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part ii,understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part ii
understanding circuits: learning problem solving using circuit analysis,understanding circuits: learning problem solving using circuit analysis
understanding the financial score,understanding the financial score
understanding user-web interactions via web analytics,understanding user-web interactions via web analytics
unitext-verlag,unscharfe simulation in der betriebswirtschaft: modellbildung und simulation auf der basis der fuzzy-set-theorie.|ein endbenutzerorientiertes spezifikationswerkzeug: möglichkeiten der gestaltung am beispiel der programm-verarbeitungs-schnittstelle im rahmen des schnittstellen-management-systems für klein- und mittelbetriebe.|informationsmanagement im rahmen eines ganzheitlichen konzeptes der unternehmensführung.|die migration eines datenverarbeitungssystems: ablaufbeschreibung und -analyse.|dv-gestützte systeme zur kreditwürdigkeitsprüfung bei kreditversicherungen.|einsatz von künstlichen neuronalen netzen für ausgewählte betriebswirtschaftliche aufgabenstellungen und vergleich mit konventionellen lösungsverfahren.|ganzheitliches computerbasiertes controlling im öffentlichen theater: konzeption und prototypische implementierung eine controlling-informationssystems auf der basis einer analyse des öffentliche theaters.|das problem der unschärfe in der unternehmensbewertung: ein fuzzy-expertensystem zur findung des grenzpreises bei unternehmenskäufen.|einsatzmöglichkeiten der fuzzy-set-theorie zur modellierung von unschärfe in unternehmensplanspielen.|gestaltung wissensbasierter systeme auf der grundlage betrieblicher entscheidungssituationen.|eine datenschnittstelle zur integration heterogener datenbasen in betriebliche anwendungsprogramme.|expertensysteme in der strategischen planung.|ansätze zum flexibilisieren von systemen zur elektronischen vorgangsbearbeitung: konzeption und prototypische realisierung anhand ausgewählter beispiele.|konzeption eines computergestützten informationssystems für das weiterbildungs-controlling.|behandlungsmöglichkeiten der unschärfe von daten und relationen.|die modellgestützte entwicklung intelligenter tutorieller systeme.|evolution eines dv-gestützten informations- und kommunikationssystems zum instrument einer ganzheitlich ausgerichteten unternehmensführung im industriebetrieb.
unity, truth and the liar,unity, truth and the liar - the modern relevance of medieval solutions to the liar paradox
univ.,entwurf digitaler komponenten nachrichtentechnischer systeme mit petrinetzmodellierten vhdl-modellen.
univ.-verl.,systemeigenschaft robustheit: ein ansatz zur bewertung und maximierung von robustheit eingebetteter systeme.|algorithmen der bildanalyse und -synthese für große bilder und hologramme.|lastgetriebene validierung dienstbereitstellender systeme.|enriching web applications efficiently with real-time collaboration capabilities.
univ.-verl. konstanz,suchfragen im information-retrieval: eine empirische untersuchung zum rechercheverhalten von informationsvermittlern und endnutzern.
univ.-verlag,unscharfe verfahren für lokale phänomene in zeitreihen.
univ.-verlag der tu,fixed-parameter linear-time algorithms for np-hard graph and hypergraph problems arising in industrial applications.
univ.-verlag konstanz,planbasierte intelligente hilfe als baustein eines symbiotischen gesamtsystems.
universaar, universitäts-verlag des saarlandes,exploratory search on mobile devices.|performance-oriented dependency parsing.
university of bamberg press,information management for digital learners: introduction, challenges, and concepts of personal information management for individual learners.|konstruktion integrierter geschäfts-geschäftsprozessmodelle. konzeption einer modellierungsmethodik unter nutzung hybrider zeitdiskret-zeitkontinuierlicher simulationssysteme.|model and proof theory of constructive alc: constructive description logics.|the chorch approach: how to model b2bi choreographies for orchestration execution.|geografische empfehlungssysteme.|modellgetriebene validierung von system-architekturen gegen architekturrelevante anforderungen: ein ansatz zur validierung mit hilfe von simulationen.
university of strathclyde, glasgow, uk,reading techniques for object-oriented code of production.
university of udine, italy,metric and layered temporal logic for time granularity
universitäts verlag karlsruhe, germany,eine formale algorithmische synthese digitaler schaltungen.
universitäts-verlag,forwarding on gates: a flexible and scalable inter-network layer supporting in-network functions.|small tcbs of policy-controlled operating systems.|dynamische anwendungspartitionierung für heterogene adaptive computersysteme.|optimierung von algorithmen zur videoanalyse: ein analyseframework für die anforderungen lokaler fernsehsender.|design for a testing model of a communication subsystem for a safety-critical control system.
universitäts-verlag göttingen,mobiles internet im unternehmenskontext: webtechnologien als technische basis für geschäftsanwendungen auf mobilen endgeräten.
universitäts-verlag rhein-ruhr,"wie erstelle ich ein elektronisches wörterbuch?": nichtprofessionelle lexikografen und ihre nachschlagewerke im internet: eine explorative untersuchung.
universitätsbibliothek kiel, germany,a component framework for personalized multimedia applications.
universitätsverlag chemnitz,systementwurf eingebetteter heterogener rekonfigurierbarer systeme mit linux-betriebssystem am beispiel einer modularen plattform zur erfassung und verarbeitung von sensordaten.|prototypen im interaktionsdesign: klassifizierung der dimensionen von entwurfsartefakten zur optimierung der kooperation von design und informatik.
urs ortho,bilddaten-getriebene kinematik-simulation für den roboter-gestützten kreuzband- und kniegelenkersatz.
usable security: history, themes, and challenges,usable security: history, themes, and challenges
usenix association,a system engineer's guide to host configuration and maintenance using cfengine
user-centered agile methods,user-centered agile methods
user-centered data management,user-centered data management
user-centered evaluation of visual analytics,user-centered evaluation of visual analytics
using comparable corpora for under-resourced areas of machine translation,appendices.
utz,unbiased extraction of curvilinear structures from 2d and 3d images.|spezifikationstechniken und generierungswerkzeuge für graphische benutzungsoberflächen.|eine methodik zur analyse und spezifikation des abrechungsmanagements von dienstleistungen eines rechnernetzes.|organisationsprinzipien zur integration von geometrischer modellierung, numerischer simulation und visualisierung.|konstruktion und implementierung eines neuen verfahrens zur kompression von bilddaten.|eine neue mensch-maschine-schnittstelle für die analyse medizinischer 3d-bilddaten in einer virtuellen umgebung.|verkehrslenkung und kapazitätsanpassung in atm-netzen mit virtuellen pfaden, 2. unveränderte auflage.|konsistente integration stochastischer wissensquellen zur semantischen decodierung gesprochener äußerungen.|generalized density based clustering for spatial data mining.|entwurf und realisierung eines systems zur erstellung von verteilten anwendungen für kontinuierliche medien.|dynamische übertragung von information in nichtlinearen systemen.|entwurf und realisierung eines auf statistischen ansätzen basierenden systems zur erkennung handgeschriebener mathematischer formeln.|steigerung der organisatorischen verfügbarkeit von fertigungszellen.|einbettung von sicherheitsverfahren in ein offenes heterogenes sicherheitsmanagement auf der basis der osi-managementarchitektur.|an engineering method for adaptive, context aware web applications.|serverarchitektur zur netzunabhängigen dienststeigerung in heterogenen kommunikationsnetzen.|hybride wissensrepräsentation durch enge kopplung eines frame- und regelbasierten formalismus.|a compression engine for multidimensional array database systems.|speicherverwaltung für konzeptionell strukturierte verteilte systeme.|extensions of system f by iteration and primitive recursion on monotone inductive types.|konzeption einer architektur für das integrierte management der ressourcennutzung nomadischer systeme in datennetzen.|maschineller erwerb lexikalischen wissens aus kleinen und verrauschten textkorpora.|prozessverlagerung in heterogenen rechnernetzen basierend auf einer speziellen übersetzungstechnik.|architektur für die automation der managementinstrumentierung bausteinbasierter anwendungen.|transparente netzwerktrennung zur erhöhung der sicherheit: sicherheit im internet durch firewall-technologie und kryptographie.|toleranzanalyse nachgiebiger baugruppen im produktentstehungsprozess.|von enten, vampiren und marsmenschen - von männlein, weiblein und dem "anderen": soziologische annäherungen an identität, geschlecht und körper in den weiten des cyberspace.|entwurf von service-level-agreements auf der basis von dienstprozessen.|linguistic knowledge in cross-language information retrieval.|der änderungsprozess als grundlage einer nutzerzentrierten systementwicklung.|überprüfung der erfüllbarkeit im endlichen: ein verfahren und seine anwendung.|hybrid-hierarchische simulationsmodelle zur koordination teilautonomer produktionsstrukturen.|an architecture for distributed interpretation of mobile programs.|segmentierung von video-bildfolgen durch adaptive farbklassifikation.|verteilte auswertung attributierter graphersetzungssysteme zur verarbeitung massiver, graphartig strukturierter daten.|eine skalierbare server- und netzarchitektur für den verbindungslosen dienst im b-isdn.|konsistentes dokumenten-engineering mit protokollierten dokumenten.|modelling of concurrent systems: structural and semantical methods in the high level petri net calculus.|konfigurierbare verhandlungsagenten für komplexe verhandlungsprotokolle.|anforderungsspezifikation durch transitionssysteme und szenarien.|eine methodik zur modellierung von konfigurationsvorgängen für szenarien im netz- und systemmanagement.|objektzentrierte visualisierung mehrdimensionaler daten als erweiterung konventioneller datenbankmodelle.|mobilitätsunterstützung mit programmierbaren netzen.|methodik zur formalen spezifikation des iso-osi-schichtenmodells.|finite element methods for global illumination computations.|augmented reality in der produktion.|prüfverfahren für die serienfertigung feldbusfähiger automatisierungskomponenten.|sicherheitsarchitektur für ein managementsystem auf der basis mobiler agenten.|entwurf eines eventkorrelators mit abhängigkeitsgraphen.|unterstützung von awareness bei der gruppenarbeit mit gemeinsamen arbeitsbereichen.|echtzeitfähige kollisionserkennung für virtual-reality-anwendungen.|ein durchgängiger, integrierter ansatz für den entwurf objektorientierter, workflow-basierter systeme.|wp-kalkül und relationale spezifikation kommunizierender systeme.|integrative anfragebearbeitung von relationalen und geo-datenbanksystemen.|strategien der signalverarbeitung in der chemosensorik: konventionelle methoden und neuronale netze.|corba-basiertes enterprise-management: interoperabilität und managementinstrumentierung verteilter kooperativer managementsysteme in heterogener umgebung.|generierung von dokumentverarbeitungssystemen aus formalen spezifikationen von dokumentarchitekturen.|unterstützung verteilter nichtlinearer videonachbearbeitung durch cscw.|paralleles theorembeweisen: leistungssteigerung, kooperation und beweistransformation.|zeitkritischer verkehr in wartesystemen von hochgeschwindigkeitsnetzen: modellbildung und mathematische analyse.|anwendungsspezifische online-anpassung von hidden-markov-modellen in automatischen spracherkennungssystemen.|agentenunterstützte steuerung von multimediadiensten.|simulation interaktiv bewegter objekte mit hinderniskontakten.|computergenerierte synthetische sicht zur verbesserung der flugführung bei schlechter außensicht.|ein konzept für ein intelligentes tutorsystem zum erlernen des testens und debugging paralleler prozeßsysteme.|wissensbasierte integration und adaption von präsentationen in intelligenten lehrsystemen.|gravis: interactive graph visualization.|vermittlungsarchitektur mit getrennter ruf- und leistungsmerkmalsteuerung.|entwicklung und wiederverwendung wissensbasierter produktmodelle auf der grundlage formaler ontologien.|ein für hornklauselmengen lineares, allgemeines aussagenlogisches beweisverfahren, 2. unveränderte auflage.|hyper-text-linguistik: tah: ein textlinguistisches analysemodell für hypertexte ; theoretisch und praktisch exemplifiziert am problemfeld der typisierten links von hypertexten im world wide web.|design, evaluation and implementation of a multi-carrier transmission system for aeronautical communications.|methodik zur strukturierten auswahl von auftragsabwicklungssystemen.|die semantische gliederung zur repräsentation des bedeutungsinhalts innerhalb sprachverstehender systeme.|experimentelle analyse des menschlichen kausystems.|funktionale programmierkonzepte für die verteilte numerische simulation.|methodik zur bestimmung der verfügbarkeit von verteilten anwendungsorientierten diensten.|offene it-architektur für verteilte autonome engineering-prozesse.|analytische maschinen.|turbulenzsimulation mit der kombinationsmethode auf workstation-netzen und parallelrechnern.|verkehrslenkung und kapazitätsanpassung in atm-netzen mit virtuellen pfaden.|anwendungsbezogene reservierungsstrategien für atm-wählverbindungen.|modellierung und simulation von systemen dynamischer struktur.|adaptable similarity search in 3-d spatial database systems.
utz, wiss.,flexible agents in integrated network and systems management.|über approximative methoden der dynamischen programmierung in der optimalen steuerung.
utz, wiss. verlag,fusion von expertenwissen und daten mit neuro-fuzzy-methoden zur prognose von finanzzeitreihen.|attributed algebraic specifications.|methode zur simulationsbasierten regelung zeitvarianter produktionssysteme.|flexible signalisierungsarchitektur für multimediadienste mit heterogenen endgeräten.|software-architektur für virtuelle maschinen.|methodik funktionaler systementwicklung.|aufgabenorientierte offline-programmierung von industrierobotern.|ausfallsicherheit und unterbrechungsfreies ersatzschalten in kommunikationsnetzen mit redundanzdomänen.|integrierte arbeitsumgebung zur numerischen berechnung von problemen der optimalen steuerung.|das erlernen einer programmiersprache im wirtschaftsinformatikunterricht unter besonderer berücksichtigung wissenspsychologischer theorien, dargestellt am beispiel der prozeduralen sprache cobol.|eine ausführungsumgebung mit integrierter lastverteilung für verteilte und parallele systeme.
utz, wiss.-verlag,ein objektmodell für ein integriertes management von systemdiensten mit client-server-struktur.|generische unterstützung von information sharing im kontext computer-unterstützter gruppenarbeit.
utzverlag,modellbasierte entwicklung von mensch-maschine-schnittstellen im maschinen- und anlagenbau.
utzverlag gmbh,quantitatives dynamisches modell zur simulation von systembelastungen in luftverkehrsabläufen.|objektzentrierte visualisierung mehrdimensionaler daten als erweiterung konventioneller datenbankmodelle, 2., unveränderte auflage.
uvk, univ.-verlag konstanz,graphisches faktenretrieval mit liniendiagrammen: gestaltung und evaluierung eines experimentellen rechercheverfahrens auf der grundlage kognitiver theorien der graphenwahrnehmung.
uvk-verlag-gesellschaft,nachrichtensuche im internet: inhaltsanalyse zur journalistischen qualität von nachrichtensuchmaschinen.
v&r unipress,of trees and clouds: software-mediated visions in documentary and ethnographic filmmaking practices.
vagueness: a guide,vagueness and logic.|the sorites paradox.|vagueness and law.|vagueness and linguistics.|vagueness and meaning.|vagueness and observationality.|vagueness and metaphysics.
vahlen,computer-integrated-marketing.|relationales datenbankdesign: von der betriebswirtschaftlichen problemstellung zur effizienten datenarchitektur.|controlling und informationstechnologie: auswirkungen auf die organisatorische gestaltung.|betriebswirtschaftliche softwarebibliotheken und adaption: empirischer befund, produkte, methoden, werkzeuge, dienstleistungen und ein modell zur planung und realisierung im unternehmen.|kostenorientierte produktionssteuerung: anwendung der prozesskostenrechnung in einem datenbankgestützten modell für flexibel automatisierte produktionssysteme.|target costing bei der softwareentwicklung: eine controlling-konzeption und instrumentelle umsetzung für die anwendungssoftware.|konstruktionsbegleitende kalkulation: computergestützte anwendung von prozeßkostenrechnung und kostentableaus.|statistische neuronale netze.|edv-gestützte kostenplanung für mittelständische unternehmen.
validating rdf data,validating rdf data
value rational engineering,value rational engineering
vandenhoeck u. ruprecht,die bedeutung neuer informationstechniken für integrierte einkaufskooperative.|möglichkeiten der effizienzsteigerung logistischer systeme durch den einsatz neuer informations- und kommunikationstechnologien im güterverkehr.|simultane investitionsplanung auf der grundlage einer expliziten zeitabbildung.
vandenhoeck und ruprecht,rechtsschutz für dv-programme: d. immaterialgüterrechtl. zuordnung d. programme für elektron. datenverarbeitungsanlagen.|analyse und gestaltung strategischer informationssysteme der unternehmung: ansätze zu e. neuorientierung d. methodenkritik.|subtour-eliminations-verfahren zur lösung asymmetrischer routing-probleme.|parameterschätzung bei a-priori-information.
vde verlag gmbh,optimizing electricity supply system operation and planning: development of the energy system optimization studio (esos).
vde-verlag,ein beitrag zur anfrageoptimierung in datenbanksystemen mit genetischen algorithmen.|congestion pricing as scalable, efficient and stable congestion control for future ip networks.|engineering complex software implementation programmes.|possibilistic neural networks for process modelling.|nomadic communication in converging networks.
vdf,konsistenzsicherung durch verwaltung von inkonsistenzen.|nutzung der objektorientierten methodologie für den computerunterstützten entwurf von regelsystemen.|svox: the implementation of a text-to-speech system for german.|pfadalgorithmen für datenbanksysteme: entwurf, analyse, evaluation und realisation.|modelle für die verlustfreie bilddatenkomprimierung.|kontexteinbezug in texterkennungssystemen.|divide and conquer: parallele algorithmen zur lösung tridiagonaler gleichungssysteme.|kognitives software engineering: ein schema- und scriptbasierter ansatz.|realität und computergestützte visuelle simulation.
vdf, hochsch.-verlag an der eth,der pps-cax-cim-markt schweiz: eine untersuchung über den anwender- sowie den anbietermarkt.
vdf, verlag der fachvereine,presto: methode und werkzeug zur evolution von datenbankanwendungen.
vdi verlag,funktionaler anwendungsentwurf verteilter automatisierungssysteme: anwendung von entwurfsmustern in der automatisierungstechnik.|random forests and their applications in scene understanding.|a reference model for the integration of agent orientation in the operative environment of automation systems.|reliable transmission of scalable video.|deterministische, dynamische systemstrukturen in der automatisierungstechnik.|ontologiebasierte kennzahlenentwicklung für virtual production intelligence.|medical image segmentation using level sets and dictionary learning.|feldbusarchitektur für ein automatisiertes feldgeräte engineering.|softwareagenten-basierte berechnung interdisziplinärer gekoppelter simulationen.
vdi verlag gmbh,object detection using feature mining in a distributed machine learning framework.|visual motion processing.|regelbasierte modelltransformation in prozessleittechnischen laufzeitumgebungen.|konzept zur unterstützung der dezentralen wiederverwendung in komponentenbasierten systemen der operativen leittechnik.|manifold learning for super resolution.|operative verwendung merkmalbasierter information in der automatisierung.|ressourcenadaptive anwendungen für die operative prozessleittechnik.|graphical model map inference with continuous label space in computer vision.|detection of moving objects for aerial surveillance of arbitrary terrain.|ein beitrag zur wissensbasierten unterstützung bei der auswahl technischer ressourcen: repräsentation und auswertung von prinziplösungen auf basis multidimensionaler, heterogener, vernetzter merkmalräume.
vdi-verl.,occlusion handling in scene reconstruction from video.
vdi-verlag,methodische anforderungsanalyse und automatisierter entwurf sicherheitsrelevanter eisenbahnleitsysteme mit kooperierenden werkzeugen.
vdm,mensch, maschine, emotion: erkennung aus sprachlicher und manueller interaktion.|parallel computing in structural engineering: a substructure based approach.
vdm dr. müller, saarbrücken, germany,attribute enabled software development: illustrated with mobile software applications.
vdm müller, saarbrücken, germany,referenzmodellierung nicht-professioneller domänen: softwaretechnik, nachhaltigkeit, kooperation.
vdm verlag dr. müller,user centered social software: model and characteristics of a software family for social information management.|scalable authoring of diagnostic case based training systems.|network integrated multimedia middleware, services, and applications.|körper im elektronischen raum: modelle für menschen und interaktive systeme.|virtual machine support for aspect-oriented programming languages.|computer-based simulation of vegetation: development of a cellular automata model for grasslands.|brain-computer interfaces: design and implementation of an online bci system for the control in gaming applications and virtual limbs.|discriminative preprocessing of speech: towards improving biometric authentication.|entwurf eines objektmodells für semistrukturierte daten im kontext von xml-content-management-systemen.|klassifikation von daten in der htk-umgebung mit relevance vector machines.|topx: efficient and versatile top-k query processing for text, structured, and semistructured data.|sprache und neue medien: analyse des sprachgebrauchs in den kommunikationsformen e-mail und chat.|advanced slicing of sequential and concurrent programs.|heaven: eine hierarchische speicher- und archivierungsumgebung für multidimensionale array- datenbankmanagement-systeme.|introspektive modellgetriebene softwareentwicklung.
vdm verlag dr. müller, saarbrücken, germany,scalable video streaming over the internet: concepts, challenges, and solutions.|emulation von rechnernetzen: beliebige netzeigenschaften lassen sich im labor nachbilden.|ablaufüberwachung objektorientierter programme: graphentheoretische algorithmen für die ablaufanalyse.|design and evaluation of transport protocols for wireless and mobile networks: in cellular and ad-hoc networks, particularly vehicular ad-hoc networks.|efficient visual navigation: a study by the example of hierarchically structured graphs.|universal interaction in virtual reality systems: design of multimodal metaphors for generic interaction tasks.|position-management für ortsbezogene community-dienste: effiziente position-update-methoden und betrachtungen zum datenschutz.|development of a generic flash device driver for cellular phones: requirements, design, implementation.|dienstgüte in datennetzen: methodik der hochpräzisen messung der dienstgüte in ip-netzen.|lossless quantum data compression and secure direct communication: new concepts and methods for quantum information theory.|interaktion mit robot companions: software-architektur für komplexe robotersysteme.|a software framework for data based analysis: requirements analysis, architecture and usage of a powerful open source framework for data centric software development in java.|level-of-detail- und hardwareunterstütztes out-of-core-rendering: interaktive darstellung komplexer 3d-modelle.|generic programming and algebraic multigrid: building blocks for scientific computing.|realisierung der ambient intelligence: software-infrastruktur und entwicklungsumgebung für selbstorganisierende multimediale ensembles in ambient-intelligence-umgebungen.|augmented reality - die angereicherte realität: ein autorenorientierter prozess zur authentischen integration von virtuellen objekten in augmented reality-anwendungen.|algorithm engineering for large data sets: hardware, software, algorithms.|eingebettete runge-kutta-verfahren für parallele rechnersysteme: effiziente implementierung durch ausnutzung der speicherzugriffslokalität.|adaptive admission control for media streaming services: revenue management and overload control techniques for shared real-time infrastructures.|motion perception and prediction: a subsymbolic approach.|incorporating relational data into the semantic web: from databases to rdf using relational owl.|interaktion in virtuellen welten: intuitive bedienschnittstellen für den design review.|correlating illustrations and text through interactive annotation: computer-aided support for textbooks.|rechenschwäche und lernsoftware: lösungsmöglichkeiten im mathematikunterricht der ersten beiden grundschuljahre.|usability evaluation patterns: best practices zur durchführung von usability-evaluationen.|self-organizing ambient intelligence: principles, algorithms, and protocols.|synchronous collaboration in the age of ubiquitous computing: requirements, application models, software architecture.|semantische suche: intelligente suchmaschinen durch innovative und zukunftsweisende konzepte und technologien.|maschinelles lernen von aktionen: adaptive funktionsapproximation für reinforcement-learning auf der basis von selbstorganisierenden karten.|aspect oriented workflow management: concepts, languages, applications.|integrating natural language processing components with xml and xslt: representations and hybrid architectures.
vdm verlag, saarbücken, germany,inhaltsbasierte bildsuche mittels visueller merkmale: eine alternative zur erschließung digitaler bildinformationen.
vehicle suspension system technology and design,vehicle suspension system technology and design
verein zur förderung der ökosystemforschung zu kiel,automatische datenerfassungssysteme in umweltforschung und monitoring-netzen.
verkehrsverlag fischer,simulationsmodelle für die optimierung interdependenter logistischer prozesse.|logischer aufbau von datenstrukturen in der logistik industrieller fertigungsprozesse.
verl. dr. hut,advances in boosting of temporal and spatial models.
verl.-haus monsenstein und vannerdat, münster, germany,virtualization based security training.
verlag an d. lottbek,contributions to time-varying linear control systems.
verlag an d. lottbek jensen,natürlichsprachliche mensch-maschine-kommunikation: wie muss e. modell von sprache aussehen, d.d. menschl. sprechpraxis berücksichtigt u. implementierbar ist?
verlag an der lottbek jensen,rechtsschutz für standardsoftware.
verlag barbara budrich,subjektives nutzererleben in der mensch-computer-interaktion: beziehungsrelevante zuschreibungen gegenüber companion-systemen am beispiel eines individualisierungsdialogs.
verlag cuvillier,state of the art software development in the automotive industry and analysis upon applicability of software fault prediction.
verlag d. fachvereine,wissensbasierte simulation einer organisation.
verlag der augustinus-buchh.,medienzugriffsverfahren für lokale gigabit-netze.|struktur und algorithmen eines formelauswertesystems für die datenverkehrstheorie.|entwurf und leistungsbewertung hybrider fehlersicherungsprotokolle für paketierte sprach- und datendienste im gsm-mobilfunksystem.
verlag der augustinus-buchhandlung,analysis für informatiker: skript zur vorlesung.
verlag der fachvereine,vegadb: ein einfaches, erweiterungsfähiges datenbankkernsystem für kleinrechner.|"visual prolog", an object oriented platform for interactive modeling and problem solving.|teilautomatische herstellung von codegeneratoren für mikrokontroller.|gipsy: ein ansatz zum entwurf integrierter softwareentwicklungssysteme.|evolutionäre prototypenbildung für datenbank-anwendungs-komplexe.|erklärungskomponente zu einem deduktiven datenbank-verwaltungssystem.|multimeth: ein beitrag zur konzeption eines echtzeit-multimedia-konferenzsystems.|integrierte interaktive bearbeitung mathematischer formeln im dokumenteneditor lara.|ein algorithmus zur lösung von anfangswertproblemen auf parallelrechnern.|übersetzung funktionaler sprachen für den adam-parallelrechner.|computerunterstützte baustellenführung.|smart game board: a workbench for game playing programs, with go and othello as case studies.|entwicklung und umsetzung von architekturprototypen für anwendungssoftware.|überwachung von konsistenzbedingungen.|interaktive bearbeitung konventioneller musiknotation.|opus: entwurf und realisierung eines erweiterbaren, objektorientierten dokumentenverarbeitungssystems.|kausale beschreibung von systemen.
verlag der quickprinter,iconymology: origins and development of icons and their meanings.
verlag die blaue eule,transformationen: bewegung in notation und digitaler verarbeitung.|realität und virtuelle welten: philosophie für eine high-tech-gesellschaft.
verlag dr. hut,kollaboratives information retrieval auf basis raum-zeitlicher small worlds für verteiltes social networking.|dynamic simulation of extravehicular activities.|visuell unterstützte entwicklung von spielprototypen.|efficient representation of captured geometry and reflectance.|multimodal registration of x-ray mammograms with 3d volume datasets.|anomaly detection in large datasets.|structural design optimization including quantitative manufacturing aspects derived from fuzzy knowledge.|robust data- and model-driven anatomical landmark localization in biomedical scenarios.|satisfiability characterizations of upward planarity problems.|models and methods for the systematic integration of cognitive functions into product concepts.|fahrer- und situationsgerechte navigationsunterstützung im fahrzeug.|massively parallel and fault-tolerant multigrid solvers on peta-scale systems.|portneuf - a framework for continuous user involvement.|univermec - a framework for development, assessment and interoperable use of verified techniques.|energy-efficient indoor localization based on wireless sensor networks.|surface reconstruction from static and dynamic point data.|generieren von xml-editoren in xforms aus xml-schema.|methods for improved video compression using image noise modeling.|sicherheit und privatsphäre in online sozialen netzwerken.|automatic object detection and tracking for video-based traffic surveillance.|werkzeuge für den entwurf und die analyse von algorithmen in der kollektiven robotik.|multimodal human computer interaction in virtual realities based on an exoskeleton.|cognitive object recognition based on dynamic field theory.|serialisation of inversion-based s-boxes: concept and application to the advanced encryption standard (aes).|a pricing framework for the efficient evaluation of financial derivatives based on theta calculus and adaptive sparse grids.|management of xml data by means of schema matching.|vertrauenswürdigkeit von sensordaten in sicherheitskritischen drahtlosen sensornetzen.|automatische spracherkennung mit hybriden akustischen modellen.|extraction and evaluation of mid-level features for semantic music analysis.|verifying java programs - a graph grammar approach.|entwicklerzentrierte hilfsmittel zum gestalten von nutzererlebnissen.|monoscopic object-recognition for advanced driver assistance systems.|a conceptual model and a software framework for developing context-aware hybrid recommender systems.|selbst-adaptivität in vernetzten eingebetteten systemen unter berücksichtigung nicht-funktionaler anforderungen.|eine internet-architektur mit trennung von locator und identifier.|mixed-tenancy systems - a hybrid approach between single and multi-tenancy.|code generation for gpu accelerators from a domain-specific language for medical imaging.|design und evaluation von hardware-architekturen zur mobilen sonifikation von bewegungen in der schlaganfallrehabilitation.|design and verification of behaviour-based systems realising task sequences.|monetary efficiency in infrastructure clouds - solution strategies for workload distribution and auction-based capacity allocation.|key agreement with physical unclonable functions and biometric identifiers.|untersuchungen zur kommunikation von verteilten betriebssystemen über hochgeschwindigkeitsnetzwerke.|semi-autonomous data enrichment and optimisation for intelligent speech analysis.|network coding for traffic protection in data transport networks.|decentralized location-based services.|a clustering-based mpsoc design flow for data flow-oriented applications.|a neuro-dynamic architecture for autonomous visual scene representation.|towards faster numerical solution of continuous time markov chains stored by symbolic data structures.|aktivitätserkennung basierend auf nutzung elektrischer geräte im häuslichen bereich.|methods for camera- and head-up-display-based driver-car communication.|multi-image techniques for the resolution enhancement of images and video sequences.|advanced distance metrics defined on complex geometries.|sqlspaces - a platform for flexible language-heterogeneous multi-agent systems.|finite field arithmetic over gf(2 to m) on fpgas - analysis, evaluation and implementations.|practical brain computer interfacing.|konzeptionierung und realisierung eines modularen softwareframeworks zur interaktiven planung und durchführung computerassistierter chirurgischer eingriffe mit einem navigierten chirurgieroboter.|advances in physically based deformable object simulation.|network coding for the multiple access layer.|informationsflusstheorie der softwareentwicklung.|verbesserung der videoqualität mit hilfe einer neuartigen repräsentation von videomaterial.|design of communication systems for two-way relaying.|self-replicating individuals.|approach and method for estimating the development effort of automotive hmi prototypes.|soa operating system for distributed resource-constrained embedded devices.|knowledge acquisition for case-based reasoning systems.|multi-aware cluster head maintenance for mobile ad hoc networks with wireless power transfer capabilities.|effiziente diagnose von verteilten funktionen automobiler steuergeräte.|phasenübergreifende bidirektionale integration von gestaltung und berechnung.|exploiting many-core architectures for dimensionally adaptive sparse grids.|optimierung des modellbasierten entwurfs durch automatisierte übergänge zwischen system- und mixed-signal-entwurfsumgebung.|kontextbereitstellung in offenen, ubiquitären systemen.|ein kapazitives sensorsystem für robotergreifer.|how-to software knowledge.|data provenance and destiny in distributed environments.|efficient hpc implementations for large-scale molecular simulation in process engineering.|process-oriented privacy analysis and concepts in the automotive domain.|versatile compression of multidimensional spectral data for space instruments.|boosting scientific computing applications through leveraging data parallel architectures.|high-level side-channel leakage models with application to compilers.|acquisition and streaming of image-based scene representations.|design and performance evaluation of a software framework for multi-physics simulations on heterogeneous supercomputers.|formale validierung eines verfahrens zur konsistenten master/shadow-festlegung in einem verteilten, nicht uhrensynchronen avioniksystem.|qoe of multimedia streaming and its protection in wireless/wired networks.|efficient and flexible partitioned simulation of fluid-structure interactions.|a process-algebraic approach to security-aware scheduling of dynamic partial reconfiguration on fpga devices.|active self-calibration of multi-sensor systems.|entwurf datendurchsatzoptimierter hardware-architekturen morphologischer bildverarbeitungsoperationen.|methods for model-based and model-free recognition of articulated actions in multi-view environments.|techniques for adapting industrial simulation software for power devices and networks to multi- and many-core architectures.|a framework for xml similarity joins.|algebraic decoding of reed-solomon and related codes.|entwicklung eines modellgetriebenen verfahrens zur abbildung sensorbasierter daten aus häuslichen assistenzsystemen auf medizinische befundberichte.|optimierte robustheitstests für zustandsbehaftete softwarekomponenten.|ein modell zur generischen nutzungserfassung in heterogenen it-infrastrukturen auf der basis serviceorientierter designprinzipien.|multi-layered browsing|coding theory via groebner bases.|iqforce - intelligent query (re-)formulation with concept-based expansion|process-driven document analysis and understanding.|computational social network analysis of authority in the blogosphere.|multi-object tracking-by-detection using multi-camera systems.|strategic black-box testing of automotive safety electronic control units.|modeling of image acquisition for improving digital camera systems.|dynamic multi-projection mapping.|eine realzeitfähige architektur zur integration kognitiver funktionen.|stochastic optimisation methods and pattern search algorithms for augmented reality videoconferencing.|machine learning and statistical methods for preclinical omics data analysis.|exception handling - a systematic log-based approach.|detection of steganography in images with statistical models.|cross-layer design of automotive cyber-physical systems.|video multicast in peer-to-peer networks.|lightweight anomaly detection for wireless sensor networks.|analyse von laserscannerdaten mit digitalen bildverarbeitungsmethoden.|network coding for two-way relay channels and broadcast erasure channels with feedback.|automatisierte feedbackgenerierung in der benutzerzentrierten softwareentwicklung am beispiel mobiler anwendungen.|aesthetic quality assessment of paintings.|machine learning and computational mass spectrometry for the discovery of metabolite biomarkers involved in type 2 diabetes.|sprachspezifikation und formales modell als semantisch äquivalente repräsentationen komplexen systemverhaltens.|automatic support for the development of classification systems.|scalable visual analytics for video surveillance.|real-time geometry decompression on graphics hardware.|entwurf und energieeffizienzanalyse von dynamisch rekonfigurierbaren architekturen für drahtlose sensorknoten.|neue ansätze für die verteilte kooperative räumliche lokalisierung in drahtlosen sensornetzwerken.|automatic visual rope inspection.|beiträge zum geographischen routing auf virtuellen koordinaten für kommunikationsnetze.|analytische modellierung zur systemdimensionierung von 4g wimax mobilfunknetzen.|konfliktbehandlung im policy-basierten management mittels a-priori-modellierung.|design and optimization of multi-variant automotive e/e architecture component platforms.|effiziente datenverarbeitung auf heterogenen rechnerarchitekturen für die 3d-ultraschall-computertomographie.|quadrocopters with microcontroller-based autonomy.|static analysis of embedded software with priority scheduling and interrupts.|reconfiguration of user interface models for monitoring and control of human-computer systems.|inference and integration of biochemical networks with multilayered omics data.|beschreibung und konsistente komposition von bausteinen für den architekturentwurf von softwaresystemen.|on cliques, colorings, and the maximum degree in graphs.|benchmark experiments: a tool for analyzing statistical learning algorithms.|development process for complex behavior-based robot control systems.|acquiring and transferring workflow knowledge using augmented reality.|kontextsensitiv lernende sequenzvorhersage zur erfahrungsbasierten unterstützung bei der softwareprozessausführung.|text mining und semantische repräsentationen als hilfsmittel des kompetenzmanagements in der it-branche.|kooperative mobilität in megastädten.|interpretable machine learning models for mining chemical databases.|konzeptionierung eines spektrum-management-systems für heterogene funklandschaften.|reasoning on domain knowledge and technical standards to support the development of safety-critical automotive systems.|consistency checking for ontology-based workflows.|dienstgütebehandlung im dienstlebenszyklus: von der formalen spezifikation zur rechnergestützten umsetzung.|component-based pedestrian recognition for advanced driver assistance systems.|real-time reconstruction of static and dynamic scenes.|zeitlich präzises steuergerätetestsystem auf der basis einer nicht-echtzeitfähigen plattform.|separating key concerns in query processing - set orientation, physical data independence, and parallelism.|automatic detection of video display errors in car navigation systems.|deformable image registration methods for clinical applications of magnetic resonance mammography.|strategieverbesserungsalgorithmen für exakte programmanalysen.|situiertes lernen in augmented-reality-basierten trainingssystemen am beispiel der echokardiographie.|visualization and interaction techniques for node-link diagram editing and exploration.|sicherheitskonzept für die medizinische bildverarbeitung in unsicheren grid-umgebungen.|collaborative processes of enterprises: supporting global development.|stochastic methods for fiber-droplet collisions in flow processes.|robust object tracking for micro- and nanorobotics.|human perception in objective video quality assessment and video coding.|a biological inspired approach for sensor data management in modular agricultural machines.|semi-präemptives transportieren.|efficient positioning methods and location-based classification in the ip multimedia subsystem.|analog circuit design approaches.|reuse-based test recommendation in software engineering.|molecular flexibility encodings for virtual screening and machine learning.|anforderungsklärung in interdisziplinärer entwicklungsumgebung.|constraint integer programming.|result verification and uncertainty management in engineering applications.|physically based animation of free surface flows with the lattice boltzmann method.|die partizipative wende: ein multidimensionales, graduelles konzept der handlungsfähigkeit menschlicher und nichtmenschlicher akteure.|hardware-supported cloth rendering.|automated it service fault diagnosis based on event correlation techniques.|parallel re-initialization of level set functions and load balancing for two-phase flow simulations.|end-to-end simulation of teleoperated on-orbit robotics.|complementary resistive switches.|stochastic geometric distances in multi-hop wireless ad hoc networks.|graph automata and their application to the verification of dynamic systems.|a detailed process model for large scale data migration projects.|modellbasierte posen- und mimikinvariante gesichtserkennung.|hybrid simulation for prospective healthcare decision-support: system dynamics, discrete-event and agent-based simulation.|energy efficiency in database systems.|synthesis of online diagnostic techniques for embedded systems.|prototyping tools for hybrid interactions.|modeling and performance analysis of networks with flow transformations.|methoden der metaprogrammierung zur rekonfiguration von software eingebetteter systeme.|wireless networking: adaptive and distributed resource management.|umsetzung und erprobung eines ejektor - einblasesystems zur stabilisierung des niederdruckverdichters am turbostrahltriebwerk larzac 04.|adaptive dialogue management in human-machine interaction.|entwurf und umsetzung eines flexiblen frameworks zur intuitiven, ar-gestützten steuerung von robotern.|dynamische systemsimulation im rahmen des elementkonzeptes.|wireless uwb aircraft cabin communication system.|auto-generation of least privileges access control policies for applications supported by user input recognition.|quantitative synchronisationsanalyse kommunizierender prozesse zum echtzeitnachweis verteilter eingebetteter systeme.|entwicklung einer ontologie zur funktionsorientierten lösungssuche in der produktentwicklung.|ultraschallbasierte navigation für die minimalinvasive onkologische nieren- und leberchirurgie.|cooperative source seeking and level curve tracking for multi-agent systems.|laufzeitmodell und protokollsprache zur erhöhung der einsatzfähigkeit sicherer zwei-parteien-berechnung.|events in logistics - efficient detection and transmission with wireless sensor network technology.|optimizing the user experience of mobile augmented reality applications.|vorausschauende rekonfiguration dynamisch rekonfigurierbarer prozessoren in einem system on chip.|selbstorganisierende systeme für die computergrafik.|a measurement-based process for assessing grid infrastructures.|nena - ein rahmenwerk für maßgeschneiderte kommunikationsnetze.|robust facial landmark detection in the wild.|applikationsspezifische prozessoren zur punktkorrespondenzsuche in der stereo-bildverarbeitung für automotive anwendungen.|bimanual interaction for medical virtual environments: palpation and needle intervention.|hardware- und software-kompatibilitätstests für den bordrechner eines kleinsatelliten.|methoden zur aspektorientierten entwicklung adaptiver webanwendungen.|zeitgesteuertes frame-switching zur effizienteren nutzung von slots in flexray-clustern.|analyzing tumor lesions in pet/ct images using deep learning methods and physiological models.|model-based conformance testing of software product lines.|computer graphics and nature.|architektur- und werkzeugkonzepte für föderiertes identitäts-management.|interrelations of virtual acoustics and hearing research by the example of binaural synthesis.|verfahren zur darstellung von constraintsystemen am beispiel der interaktiven bildbasierten rekonstruktion.|iterative multiuser detection in medium access control design.|efficient and robust pose estimation based on inertial and visual sensing.|abhängigkeitsmodellierung im it-management: erstellung eines neuen, auf neuronalen netzen basierenden ansatzes.|blockbildung bei evolutionären algorithmen.|design and analysis of behavior-based systems using formal techniques.|gaze-based human-text interaction/text 2.0.|analysis of spatially coupled ldpc codes on the binary erasure channel.|two-agent scheduling: efficient algorithms for multiple machine problems.|pathway-based analysis and modeling for the investigation of genetic disorders.|non-binary codes with applications to satellite and space communications.|massively parallel direct numerical simulation of particulate flows.|cooperative vision for swarm navigation.|computer-aided development of robust embedded software.|adapting and recommending content and expertise in highly collaborative web portals.|beiträge zur signalverarbeitung in der steganographie: neuartige ansätze zum schutz der privatsphäre.|towards socially interactive robots - designing an emotion-based control architecture.|generierung verständlicher erklärungen für semantic web applikationen.|generisches sensor redundanz management für eine flexible, fehlertolerante plattform.|namen sind wie schall und rauch: ein semantisch orientierter ansatz zum personal name matching.|the quarc metamodel: a communication-based generic project model.|semantic segmentation with efficient tree-based methods.|key generation for mobile devices based on acceleration data.|deciding service substitution - termination guaranteed.|latency minimization of order-preserving distributed event-based systems.|ein modell zur auswahl von funktionalen blöcken in flexiblen netzwerkarchitekturen.|abstandsberechnung und kollisionserkennung für mehrere kinematiken in der virtuellen welt.|approximation and complexity in algorithmic mechanism design.|construction of a 3d facial model for tracking and animation.|data mining als methode zur industrialisierung und qualifizierung neuer fertigungsprozesse für cfk-bauteile in automobiler großserienproduktion.|safe navigation of a wall-climbing robot - risk assessment and control methods.|intervallbasierte berechnungsverfahren zur beschreibung von wahrscheinlichkeitstheoretischen modellen mit unsicherheit.|qos-aware service selection - optimization mechanisms and decision support for complex service-based workflows.|mobile mediated reality.|efficient simulation of flows through complex geometries in the pde framework peano.|a collaborative knowledge management approach to provide better agricultural decision support.|automatic image analysis in micro- and nanorobotic environments.|detection, tracking and gait-based identification of multiple people in videos.|experience design in the automotive context.|fountain codes under maximum likelihood decoding.|audio-visual event recognition with graphical models.|adaptive architecture for fault-tolerant, hard real-time and integrated plug-and-fly avionics.|integration medizinischer modelle in elektronische gesundheitsakten.|highly parallel ray based wave propagation modeling and improved accuracy concepts for radiation and scattering problems involving composite metallic and dielectric objects.|using the human daily routine for optimizing search processes using a service robot in elderly care applications.|infinite-valued least model and game semantics for formula-based and normal logic programs.|on application-specific network-on-chip synthesis and on-chip trace and debug.|rendering subdivision surfaces using hardware tessellation.|applikationsspezifische optimierung der kommunikation in mehrkern-architekturen für eingebettete systeme.|methodologies for solving satellite remote sensing problems using neuro computing techniques.|robust methods for content analysis of auditory scenes.|managed evolution of automotive software product line architectures.|workflow-skelette: konzeptionen zur modellierung und effizienten ausführung wissenschaftlicher workflows.|side channel evaluation methodology for the automotive domain.|concepts and algorithms to increase the efficiency and reliability of reconfigurable computers.|a formal framework for maintaining the integrity of structured data.|ein prozessorientierter, policy-basierter ansatz für ein integriertes, dienstorientiertes abrechnungsmanagement.|erweiterung der molekulardynamik um innere freiheitsgrade: modellierung und verteilte simulationen auf dem grid.|framework zur parallelisierung von molekulardynamiksimulationen in verfahrenstechnischen anwendungen.|character n-gram-based sentiment analysis.|entwurf und realisierung effizienter verfahren und hardwarearchitekturen zur bestimmung der korrespondenz aus stereobildpaaren.|gaze-supported multimodal interaction.|data cleaning of large datasets: new methods and techniques.|konsistenzsicherung von anforderungen und architekturen.|multimodale mensch-roboter-interaktion für ambient assisted living.|adaptive parallel communications for large-scale computational fluid dynamics.|anwendungsarchitektur-konforme konfiguration selbstorganisierender softwaresysteme.|model-based analyses of non-functional software and system properties.|source-level performance estimation of compiler-optimized embedded software considering complex program transformations.|design space exploration for automotive e/e architectures.|safety framework and platform for functions of future automotive e/e systems.|tool support for integrated development of component-based embedded systems.|berechnung und optimierung von geometrie und eingriffsverhalten von verzahnungen beliebiger achslage.|optimization of shallow geothermal heating plants.|three-valued abstraction for stochastic systems.|parametrisierbare menschmodelle für dialogumgebungen.|der interaktionsprozess bei tangible interaction entwicklung und analyse eines interaktionsmodells - richtlinien zur verwendung beim design.|model-based statistical testing of embedded real-time software with continuous and discrete signals in a concurrent environment: the usage net approach.|frequency selective reconstruction of non-regularly sampled image and video data.|integrierte performance- und leistungsverbrauchsanalyse eingebetteter systeme mittels scpowereqn.|integrating sensing, localization and visualization in the robot control loop.|reality models for efficient registration in augmented reality.|software idioms for component-based and topology-aware simulation assembly and data exchange in high performance computing and visualisation environments.|machine learning methods for the automatic identification of microorganisms from raman spectroscopic data.|combining sequence and structural information into predictors of enzymatic activity.|multi-layer modeling of service networks the dame approach to generic dependency analysis and management for evolution.|adaptive complexity and error-resilient channel decoding concepts.|performance improvement of adaptive processors.|intention-based integration of software engineering tools.|numeric inference of heap shapes for the automated analysis of heap-allocating programs.|reverberation modeling for robust distant-talking speech recognition.|automatisierung des preprocessings für lokal strukturierte gitter.|realzeittest von fahrzeugsoftware-komponenten.|physische datenbankoptimierung in hauptspeicherbasierten column-store-systemen.|a comprehensive approach to transparent and flexible replication of java services and applications.|algebraic decoding of subspace and rank-metric codes.|datenerfassung und privatsphäre in partizipativen sensornetzen.|advanced direct manipulation techniques for interactive displays.|caching for flash-based databases and flash-based caching for databases.|codebook-based speech enhancement - robust and efficient approaches.|intelligent single-channel methods for multi-source audio analysis.|integrating fault tree analysis and component-oriented model-based design of embedded systems.|assessing the benefit of adaptive brain-computer interfacing.|management and federation of stream processing applications.|hybrid multiscale simulation approaches for micro- and nanoflows.|spekulative optimierungen in interpretativen virtuellen maschinen.|generic approaches for creating and conducting mobile field trip scenarios.|design of self-adaptation in distributed embedded systems.|motion planning for highly-automated vehicles under uncertainties and interactions with human drivers.|energy efficient video decoding.|automatic design of ima-based systems.|software performance estimation methods for system level design of embedded systems.|conditional transformation models - interpretable parametrisations and censoring.|kosten und nutzen modellbasierter entwicklung eingebetteter softwaresysteme im automobil.|werkzeugunterstützung für interorganisationales it-service-management - ein referenzmodell für die erstellung einer iocmdb -.|the deceptive angle: threat intelligence and resiliency for industrial information assurance.
verlag dr. kovač,dienstleistung 4.0: konzeption und empirische prüfung einer von smarten assistenten angebotenen dienstleistungsform.|einführung von it-systemen für das customer relationship management in kleinen und mittleren unternehmen: ein modell zur konfiguration unternehmensspezifischer vorgehensmodelle.|"offensichtlich weigert sich facebook, mir darauf eine antwort zu geben": strukturelle analysen und sinnfunktionale interpretationen zu unsicherheit und ordnung der computernutzung.|exploring the road to successful video games: investigating determinants of video game success and their effect on short- and long-term performance.|strafbarkeit von online-blockaden und ddos-angriffen vor und nach dem inkrafttreten des 41. strafrechtsänderungsgesetzes unter berücksichtigung von verfassungsrechtlichen und europarechtlichen vorgaben.
verlag für angewandte psychologie,anpassbare informationssysteme: auf dem weg zu aufgaben- und benutzerorientierter systemgestaltung und funktionalität.
verlag für geschichte der naturwissenschaft und der technik,der computer als werkzeug und medium: die geistigen und technischen wurzeln des personal computers.
verlag für psychologie hogrefe,mehrdimensionale nicht-numerische skalierung in der psychologie: e. methode zur qualitativen analyse d. unterscheidbarkeit von konturbildern.
verlag für systemische forschung im carl-auer-systeme-verlag,geistes wissenschaft: pädagogische implikationen kognitionswissenschaftlicher forschung.
verlag für wiss. u. kunst,sprachenidentifizierung zur automatischen graphem-zu-phonem-umsetzung von fremdwörtern in einem deutschsprachigen vorleseautomaten.|maschinelle phonem-graphem-umsetzung für unbegrenzten deutschen wortschatz.
verlag für wiss. und forschung,konnektionistische analyse des kaufverhaltens: künstliche neuronale netze im vergleich zu stochastischen und ökonometrischen modellen am beispiel des deutschen universalwaschmittelmarktes.|integrierte betriebliche produktdokumentation auf der grundlage von hypermedia-dokumentmodellen.
verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,ein system zur prozess- und qualitätskontrolle in computer-basierten publikationssystemen und vorschläge zur konzeption eines geräteunabhängigen seitenbeschreibungsmodells.
verlag industrielle organisation,der vernetzte manager: intelligente nutzung des pc am arbeitsplatz.|verteilung der edv.
verlag kommunikationsforum recht, wirtschaft, steuern,vertrieb von standardsoftware: rechtsnatur der überlassungsverträge und vertragliche haftung für softwarefehler.
verlag neue wiss.,wal: eine aktorenbasierte spezifikationssprache für lexikalisch verteilte grammatiken und parser.|aqua: ein qualitativer, terminologischer ansatz zur generierung, bewertung und selektion von lernhypothesen im textverstehenssystem syndikate.
verlag pco,arbeitnehmerrechte an software: die rechte der arbeitnehmer an von ihnen entwickelten nichttechnischen computerprogrammen.
verlag praxiswissen,konzept eines tqm-basierten regelkreismodells für ein "information quality management" (iqm).|bewertung der systemleistung von materialflußsystemen im betrieb.|informations- und kommunikationssysteme in der kreislaufwirtschaft.|verbesserung der informationsgestaltung in der simulationstechnik unter nutzung autonomer visualisierungswerkzeuge.|berechnungstheorien und verfahren der schattierungsanalyse im kontext einer 3d-auswertung von grauwertbildern.|gestaltung von barcodeleseeinrichtungen im materialfluss mit fuzzy-decodern.|strukturen für ein integratives logistik-management-informations-system (ilmis) als instrument des logistik-controlling.|computer integrated engineering: cie.|computergestützte steuerungs- und positionierverfahren für elektrohängebahnsysteme.|logistikorientierte materialflussregelung: ein beitrag zur ganzheitlichen, permanenten gestaltung von fertigungssystemen.
verlag shaker,speicherung und anfragebearbeitung komplexer geo-objekte
verlag statistische hefte,robuste entscheidungen: optimale ausw. im rahmen weicher modelle.
verlag tcworld gmbh,sprachstandardisierung in der softwaredokumentation: eine untersuchung von redaktionellen richtlinien und schreibregeln.
verlag thexis,database-marketing: inhalt und funktionen eines database-marketing-systems, aspekte des erfolgreichen einsatzes sowie organisatorische gesichtspunkte.
verlag tüv rheinland,schaltungs- und parameterextraktion aus dem layout hochintegrierter schaltungen.|roboter-montagesysteme: aufgabenorientierte off-line-programmierung.|montagearbeitsplanerstellung mit expertensystemen.|logistikgerechte pps-systeme: konzeption, aufbau, umsetzung.|industrielle bildverarbeitung, ein baustein der rechnergestützten qualitätssicherung.|sparse systems: digraph approach of large-scale linear systems theory.|mobile roboter in elektrohängebahnsystemen: technische gestaltung und auslegung.|simulation in produktion und materialfluss: entscheidungsorientierte simulationsumgebung.|automatische erzeugung von selbsttestprogrammen.|teilefamilienbildung: vergleich rechnergestützter verfahren.|entgraten mit industrierobotern: aufgabenorientiertes off-line-programmiersystem.|mobile roboter im lager: rationelle kommissionierung.|entwurf und quantitative beschreibung diversitärer software.|fertigungssteuerung bei fertigungsinseln: eine funktionale und datentechnische informationsarchitektur.|mobile roboter auf der basis automatischer flurförderzeuge: technische gestaltung.|optimierte selbsttestprogramme für mikroprozessoren.|mobile roboter auf der basis automatischer flurförderzeuge: systemtechnik, anforderungskatalog, wirtschaftlichkeit.|modularer testprozessor für vlsi-schaltungen.|neues verfahren zum selbsttest von mikroprozessoren.|hierarchische schaltungsmodellierung für test und simulation.|rechnerintegrierte informations- und stücklistenverarbeitung.|automatische spracherkennung in räumen.
verlag werner hülsbusch, fachverlag für medientechnik und -wirtschaft,homecomputer: zur technik- und frühen computerspielkultur anhand einer zeitschrift der jahre 1983 und 1984.
verlag wiss. und praxis,künstliche neuronale netze in der finanzprognose: security selection basiert auf parameterschätzungen künstlicher neuronaler netze.|finanzmanagement auf basis von expertensystemen: ein systemorientierter ansatz zur wissensbasierten informationsversorgung.|die bedeutung der entwicklungen im bereich der informationstechnologien für den wandel in wirtschaft und gesellschaft.|entscheidungsunterstützung mit or-methoden: problemlösung mit operations-research-modellen und -algorithmen in entscheidungsunterstützungssystemen.|computer integrated manufacturing: gestaltungsmöglichkeiten und strategien.|strategieentwicklung bei qualitativen zielen: die abbildung und verarbeitung qualitativer zielinformationen in einem fuzzy-logik-basierten expertensystem.
verlag wissenschaft & praxis,an empirical analysis of order dynamics in a high frequency trading environment.
verlag-anst. handwerk,simulationsspiele als methode eines bankbetrieblichen entscheidungstrainings.
verlag-haus monsenstein und vannerdat,vorhersage des cache-verhaltens für optimierende übersetzer.|neopaganismus online: das world wide web als kommunikationsplattform zur konstruktion spiritueller identität.|optimiertes training mehrschichtiger feedforward netwerke.|experimentelle bewertung der auswirkungen von entwurfsmustern.|technische konzeption von wandlern für den elektronischen handel von dokumenten.
verlags-haus mainz,visualisierung des systemzustandes und situationserfassung in großräumigen elektrischen übertragungsnetzen.
verlags-haus monsenstein und vannerdat,games on dynamic networks: routing and connectivity.|entwicklung und implementierung eines hybriden debuggers für java.|visual analysis of high-dimensional spaces.|zur digitalen zukunft der kollokationslexikographie: perspektiven der präsentation von wissen über usuelle französische und deutsche wortverbindungen in gedruckten und elektronischen wörterbüchern.
verlagsgruppe athenäum, hain, hanstein,stochastische optimierung bei partieller information.|zustands- und parameterschätzung in ökonometrischen modellen mit hilfe von linearen filter-methoden.|kardinalität in der nutzentheorie.|entscheidungstheoretisch begründete schätzverfahren.
verlagsgruppe athenäum, hain, scriptor, hanstein,reihenfolgeprobleme = mean-flow-time sequencing.|entscheidungsprobleme bei unsicherheit und mehrfacher zielsetzung: e. ansatz mit hilfe d. semi-infiniten linearen vektoroptimierung.
verlagshaus mainz gmbh aachen,highly area- and energy-efficient qr-decomposition cmos macros for a wide range of applications.
verlagshaus monsenstein und vannerdat ohg,sentiment analyse mit lokalen grammatiken: wissensbasierter ansatz zur extraktion von sentiments in hotelbewertungen.|high-quality web information provisioning and quality-based data pricing.
vice-versa-verlag,verfolgung von personen in monokularen bildfolgen.
video analytics for business intelligence,video analytics for business intelligence.
video search and mining,semantic video content analysis.|object trajectory analysis in video indexing and retrieval applications.
vieweg,kollisionsvermeidung in einem robotersimulationssystem.|grafische simulation und kollisionsvermeidung von robotern.|werkstattorientierte programmierung von industrierobotern für automatisiertes lichtbogenschweissen: neue methodik und werkzeuge zur verkürzung der programmierzeit.|laseroptische 3d-konturerfassung: modellierung und systemtheoretische beschreibung eines sensorsystems.|kommunikationssysteme: normung und soziale akzeptanz.|rechnergestützte symbolische roboterkinematik.|entwicklung verteilter multimedia-applikationen: strategie und realisierung einer geeigneten systemunterstützung.|fahrerlose transportsysteme: automatische bahnplanung in dynamischen umgebungen.|scalable search in computer chess: algorithmic enhancements and experiments at high search depths.|photogrammetrische erfassung räumlicher informationen aus videobildern.|steuerungsorientierte robotersimulation.|bediengeräte zur 3d-bewegungsführung: ein beitrag zur effizienten roboterprogrammierung.|einheit der welt und einheitswissenschaft: grundlegung einer allgemeinen systemtheorie.|kantenhervorhebung und kantenverfolgung in der industriellen bildverarbeitung: schnelle überführung von graubildszenen in eine zur szenenanalyse geeignete datenstruktur.|rechnerunterstützte gestaltung und darstellung dreidimensionaler technischer gebilde mit beliebig geformten oberflächen: e. beitr. zur entwicklung von cad-systemen.|roboterkinematik: grundlagen, invertierung und symbolische berechnung.|informationssysteme und datenschutz im krankenhaus: strategische informationsplanung - informationsrechtliche aspekte - konkrete vorschläge.|methoden verteilter simulation.|sicherheit für videodaten.|bestimmung von entfernungsbildern durch aktive stereoskopische verfahren.|3-d-bildverarbeitung für feste und bewegte kameras.|digitale echtzeitsimulation: simulation einer hochspannungs-gleichstrom-übertragung.
vieweg & teubner,clustering-based support for software architecture restructuring.
vieweg + teubner,eigenschaftsorientierte beschreibung der logischen architektur eingebetteter systeme.|a probabilistic framework for point-based shape modeling in medical image analysis.
vieweg + teubner, germany,transiente fehler in mikroprozessoren: mechanismen zur erkennung, behebung und tolerierung.|domain-specific model-driven testing.
vieweg + teubner, wiesbaden, germany,user interfaces for wearable computers: development and evaluation.
virtual communities, social networks and collaboration,mobile communities - current status and challenges.
virtual crowds: methods, simulation, and control,virtual crowds: methods, simulation, and control
virtual crowds: steps toward behavioral realism,virtual crowds: steps toward behavioral realism
virtual design of an audio lifelogging system: tools for iot systems,virtual design of an audio lifelogging system: tools for iot systems
virtual material acquisition and representation for computer graphics,virtual material acquisition and representation for computer graphics
virtual reality and virtual environments in 10 lectures,virtual reality and virtual environments in 10 lectures
vision based systemsfor uav applications,system for multi-axial mechanical stabilization of digital camera.
vision-based interaction,vision-based interaction
visual data mining,integrative visual data mining of biomedical data: investigating cases in chronic fatigue syndrome and acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
visual information retrieval using java and lire,visual information retrieval using java and lire
visual object recognition,visual object recognition
vogt,rate-flexible ldpc convolutional code design.|creating and maintaining consistent documents with elucidative development.|on decoding of spatially coupled ldpc codes under latency constraints.|energieeffiziente anpassung des arbeitszyklus in drahtlosen sensornetzen.|hw-sw-codesign für effiziente bitstromorientierte datenverarbeitung eingebetteter systeme.|eine digitale implementierung zellularer nichtlinearer netzwerke.|on the understanding of protograph-based low-density parity-check convolutional code design: a study on applicability in iterative receiver systems.|on the design and implementation of multi-mode channel decoders.|energieeffiziente integrierte schaltungen zur takt- und datenrückgewinnung und synchronisation für ethernet-echtzeitkommunikation.|dual-graph model for error propagation analysis of mechatronic systems.|entwurf anwendungsspezifischer drahtloser körpernetzwerke zur vitalparameterübertragung.|betrachtungen zur energieeffizienz in funknetzwerken mit geringer datenrate.|dynamisches task-scheduling in heterogenen mehrprozessorsystemen.|untersuchungen von kommunikationsmechanismen in heterogenen mehrprozessorsystemen.|advanced network and mobile data traffic models and their application to cellular network optimization.|design of sustainable solutions for process visualization in industrial automation with model-driven software development.|developing a design flow for embedded systems.|analytische modellierung zur entwurfsraumexploration von verbindungsnetzwerken in vielkernprozessoren.|indirect code generation for vliw architectures and a hardware optimization algorithm.|joint design of access and fronthaul uplinks in cloud radio access networks.|unterstützung und organisation von quality-of-service-techniken in kommunikationsnetzwerken auf einem chip (network-on-chip).|parallelisierung von algorithmen zur nutzung auf architekturen mit teilwortparallelität.|engineering-orientierte steuerungsarchitektur auf der basis von aktionsprimitiven für anwendungen in der robotik.
von halem,die online-kommunikation von politischen interessengruppen in der schweiz: bedeutung, einsatz und veränderung der organisationsstrukturen.
vs verlag für sozialwissenschaften,kybernetische interventionen: zum kritischen verständnis des immanenten verhältnisses von multimedia und pädagogik.
vs-verlag, wiesbaden, germany,qualität im e-learning aus lernersicht.
vtb,koordination des informationsmanagements: eine hypothesenerkundende einzelfallstudie in der schweizerischen mobiliar versicherungsgesellschaft.
vulkan-verlag,branchenspezifische gestaltung von rechnergeführten produktionssystemen am beispiel der holz- und möbelindustrie.|entwicklung eines rechnerunterstützten informationssystems für das qualitätsmanagement.|entwicklung eines lernfähigen transputergestützten werkzeugmaschinendiagnosesystems.|aufbereitung von 3d-digitalisierdaten für den werkzeug-, formen- und modellbau.|wissensbasierter modellansatz zur prozessorientierten steuerung am beispiel der motorblockfertigung.|strukturen wissensbasierter systeme für die rechnergestützte konstruktion.
vvf,expertendatenbanksysteme: eine analyse des einsatzpotentials von expertendatenbanksystemen für betriebswirtschaftliche anwendungen.|datenschutz und medizinische forschungsfreiheit.|die pflichten im computersoftwarevertrag: darst. d. besonderheiten im vergleich zu d. vertragstypen d. allg. zivilrechts.|theoretische bezugsrahmen und methoden zur gestaltung computergestützter informationssysteme.|strategie und struktur in der deutschen softwareindustrie: eine industrieökonomische untersuchung der unternehmensentwicklung in der softwarebranche.|isdn: chancen und risiken eines integrierten telekommunikationskonzeptes aus betriebswirtschaftlicher sicht.|die verfassungsrechtliche problematik des "medienprivilegs" des § 1 abs. 3 bundesdatenschutzgesetz.|die haftung für urheberrechtsverletzungen im internet nach deutschem und amerikanischem recht.|computergestützte finanzplanung: probleme und perspektiven vor dem hintergrund einer empirischen untersuchung.|rechtsschutz und verwertung von computerprogrammen in ungarn: das ungarische softwarerecht im lichte der richtlinie 91/250/ewg.|kostenrechnung und wissensbasierte systeme: theoretische überlegungen und entwicklung eines prototypischen anwendungssystems.|der rechtsschutz von computerprogrammen in italien: entwicklungen und tendenzen des italienischen softwarerechts unter dem einfluß der europäischen harmonisierung des urheberrechts.|der urheberrechtsschutz von computerprogrammen im nationalchinesischen recht: ein vergleich mit dem deutschen recht unter berücksichtigung der internationalen entwicklung.|der einsatz einer expertensystemshell im gesetzgebungsverfahren: dargestellt am beispiel des prodhaftg.|strategische planung mit dss-generatoren: eine studie zum einsatz von planungssprachen und spreadsheetpaketen am beispiel der strategischen bankplanung.|nutzungsrechte an standardanwenderprogrammen: dispositives recht und vertragspraxis.|dezentralisierung von büroarbeitsplätze mit neuen informations- und kommunikationstechniken: eine analyse unter betriebswirtschaftlich-organisatorischen aspekten.
vwf,simultane verkehrsmittelwahl, -verteilung und -umlegung mittels hierarchischer logitmodelle unter einhaltung von straßenkapazitäten.|effiziente verfahren zur lösung unkapazitierter standort-probleme.
vwf, verlag für wiss. und forschung,entwurf und architektur betrieblicher client-server-anwendungssysteme.|spezifikation und implementation einer entwurfssprache für betriebswirtschaftliche anwender-softwaresysteme.|visualisierung von zustandsgrössen in step-produktmodellen.|kopplung von netzwerk- und halbleitersimulator nach dem master-slave-prinzip.
vwf, verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,kooperatives problemlösen in workstationclustern: modellbildung, systemimplementierung und ein verfahren für multidepot-tourenplanungsprobleme.
vwgö,computergestützte optimierung der mengenrabattpolitik.|die unterstützung der inkrementellen juristischen fallösung durch wissensbasierte systeme.|objektorientierte analyse und modellierung.|endbenutzerwerkzeuge und berufsbezogene aus- und weiterbildung.|global konvergente optimierungsverfahren mit anwendung auf die höhensteuerung eines speicherkraftwerkes.|zur analyse des data encryption standard und synthese verwandter chiffriersysteme.
vwh, verlag werner hülsbusch, fachverlag für medientechnik und -wirtschaft,usability-ergebnisse als wissensressource in organisationen.
w.e.b.-univ.-verlag,konkatenative sprachsynthese mit großen datenbanken.|evolutionäre optimierung schneller worterkenner.
w3l,prozessmanagement für citizen developer: konzeption und integration eines geschäftsprozessmanagementsystems für citizen developer in ein generatorsystem für unternehmensanwendungen.
wang tiles in computer graphics,wang tiles in computer graphics
wavelet image compression,wavelet image compression
waxmann,widerständiges lernen im web - virtuell selbstbestimmt?: eine qualitative studie über e-learning in der beruflichen erwachsenenbildung.|entscheidungen bei sequenzierter informationsdarbietung am bildschirm.|das rechnungswesen in der kaufmännischen berufsausbildung: von der einfachen buchführung zum integrierten computereinsatz.|der strafrechtliche schutz der computerdaten gegen die angriffsformen der spionage, sabotage und des zeitdiebstahls.|kommunikation - hypertext - design: eine untersuchung zur struktur und optimierung hypermedialer lernumgebungen.|motivations-modellierung: spezifikation einer simulation im rahmen motivational-adaptiver lehr-lern-interaktion.|fehlerbeurteilungen in der mensch-computer-interaktion: reliabilitätsanalysen und training einer handlungstheoretischen fehlertaxonomie.|künstliche-intelligenz-forschung in deutschland: die etablierung eines hochtechnologie-fachs.|dialogspiele in der mensch-computer-interaktion: eine fallstudie am beispiel von online-hilfen.|kooperatives lernen im internet: qualitative analyse einer community of practice im fernstudium.|quantitative methoden der menschlichen raumwahrnehmung mit methoden der computergraphik.|lernen mit bildern und animationen: studie zum einfluss von lernermerkmalen auf die effektivität von illustrationen.|wissenskommunikation mit hypervideos: untersuchungen zum design nichtlinearer informationsstrukturen für audiovisuelle medien.|simulation und erklärung: kognitionswissenschaft und ki-forschung in wissenschaftstheoretischer perspektive.|informatives feedback: wirkung auf lernerfolg und motivation bei computergestütztem training sprachrezeptiver fähigkeiten.
web 2.0 & semantic web,adaptive reactive rich internet applications.
web accessibility,education.
web accessibility (2nd ed.),tangible interfaces.
web corpus construction,web corpus construction
web engineering,hera.
web intelligence and security - advances in data and text mining techniques for detecting and preventing terrorist activities on the web,methods for interactive exploration of large-scale news streams.
web page recommendation models: theory and algorithms,web page recommendation models: theory and algorithms
web personalization in intelligent environments,a semantic content-based recommender system integrating folksonomies for personalized access.
web-based applications in healthcare and biomedicine,a web-based application to exchange ophthalmologic health records using open-source databases.|an intelligent web-based healthcare system: the case of dymos.
wehle,organisationsplanung mit petri-netzen als instrument der unternehmensführung: dargestellt am beispiel der organisation von arbeitskreisen der landwirtschaftlichen beratung.|warenwirtschaftssysteme im landhandel: analyse und konzept für ein integriertes managementinformationssystem.|das leistungspotential der künstlichen intelligenz: eine informationstechn.-betriebswirtschaftl. analyse.
weidler buchverlag,rhetoriktraining online.
westdt. univ.-verl.,energie-effiziente systemarchitekturen für sicherheitskritische eingebettete geräte.
westdt. verlag,wissenschaft im informationszeitalter: zur bedeutung des mediums computer für das kommunikationssystem wissenschaft.|konnektionismus: zur modellierung der sprachproduktion.|chancen sozialorienterter technikgestaltung: politische ansätze und gestaltbarkeit der informationstechnik in der sozialen sicherung.|einfluss "intelligenter" maschinen auf menschliches verhalten.|das selbst im netz: die konstruktion sozialer identität in der computervermittelten kommunikation.|die virtuelle gesellschaft: ökonomie, politik und kultur im zeichen des cyberspace.|sprachverstehen: syntax und prosodie beim lesen.|kommunikationsarbeit in online-medien: zur beruflichen entwicklung kommunikativer erwerbstätigkeiten ; eine explorative studie aus institutionentheoretischer sicht.
what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part i & ii,what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part i & ii
what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part iii,what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part iii
whole body interaction,whole body interaction in abstract domains.|observations on experience and flow in movement-based interaction.
wiku, duisburg, colone, germany,duplicate detection in xml data.
wiku-verlag,alarmaggregation und interessantheitsbewertung in einem dezentralisierten angriffserkennungssystem.
wiku-wiss.-verlag stein,implementierung von it-strategien: eine methode zu systematischen, strukturierten und kontrollierten implementierung von it-strategien.
wiku-wissenschafts-verlag stein,inhaltlich entkoppelte kommunikation in heterogenen, veränderlichen netzwerktopologien.
wilfer,die diffusion sozialer innovationen: e. strukturanalyse.
windmühle, verlag und vertrieb von medien,computersimulierte komplexe problemstellungen in der management-diagnostik: die theorie zum konzept herausforderung komplexität.
winter,virtuelle textwelten: theoretische grundlagen und implementationsperspektiven der anglistischen computerphilologie.
winter industries,soa governance: compliance-nachweise in serviceorientierten architekturen.
wire-verlag-ges. für wirtschaft, recht und steuern,die rechtliche einordnung des softwareüberlassungsvertrages.
wireless network pricing,wireless network pricing
wireless networking for moving objects,new trends in mobility modelling and handover prediction.
wireless sensor network technologies for the information explosion era,x-sensor: wireless sensor network testbed integrating multiple networks.
wirtschaftsverl. bachem,qualifizierung für innovative informationstechnologie: konzeptionelle ansätze zur verringerung der diskrepanz zwischen theorie und praxis.
wirtschaftsverl. nw, verlag für neue wiss.,bestimmung charakteristischer fehlermerkmale zur rechnergestützten bildauswertung von schweissnahtradiographien.
wison-verlag,terminplanung von mehrstufigen datenverarbeitungsprozessen.|strukturierung verteilter datenbanken auf dedizierten rechnern.|transfer-analyse: e. instrument zur modellgestützten gestaltung betriebl. systeme.|organisatorische kompatibilität im computerverbund.|organisation der software-erstellung: e. organisator. analyse d. software-erstellungsprozesses u.d. software-technolog. instrumentariums.|die organisatorische gestaltung von mikrocomputergestützten datenbanksystemen.|hilfsinformationssysteme zur unterstützung der gestaltung betrieblicher informationssysteme: entwicklungs- u. anwendungsmöglichkeiten von instrumenten zur computergestützten aufgabenanalyse, programmgenerierung u. datenorgansation.|untersuchung betrieblicher informationssysteme unter verwendung automatentheoretischer instrumentarien.
wiss. berichtswesen d. dfvlr,untersuchung zur analyse computergestützter waldschadensklassifizierungen.
wiss. berichtswesen der dlr,petrinetz-basierte beobachtung von systemzuständen: einsatzmöglichkeiten und leistungsgrenzen bei der lenkung von flughafenverkehr.
wiss. buchh. hector,automatische segmentation von sprachsignalen.
wiss. fachverl.,automatisierte generierung problemspezifischer prognosefunktionen zur entscheidungsunterstützung.
wiss. fachverl. fleck,computergestützte integrierte unternehmensrechnung auf der basis von matrizen.|die automatische wägung wachsender schweine als element der rechnergestützten prozesssteuerung.
wiss. verlag berlin,von der druckerpresse zum web-server: zeitungen und magazine im internet.|evolutionäre algorithmen zur farbquantisierung und asymmetrischen codierung digitaler farbbilder.
wiss. verlag trier,individualisiertes fremdsprachenlernen mit dem computer auf der basis objektiver sprachtests.
wiss.-und technik-verlag,systematische spezifikation von echtzeiteigenschaften: die punkt-intervall logik und ihre anwendung.
wiss.-und-technik-verlag,textabhängige sprecherverifizierung unter berücksichtigung der endpunktdetektion.|constructing distributed component architectures in continuous software engineering.|ein beitrag zur segmentierung von bildszenen im kontext der objektorientierten bilddatencodierung.|polynomial time partial information classes.
wiss.-und-technik-verlag gross,konzepte und architektur teamorientierter softwareprojekt-managementsysteme.
wiss.-verl. mainz,knowledge-based product and service composition for ip multimedia subsystems.
wiss.-verlag mainz,voice over ip capacity of ieee 802.11 wlan and ieee 802.21 based interworking performance of wlan and mobile lte networks.
wiss.-verlag spiess,medien in japan: der einfluss neuer medien auf die entwicklung traditioneller medien in japan.
wiss.-verlag vauk,wissensbasierte systeme für die anlageberatung.
wissenschaftsverlag mainz,speech signal enhancement by information combining.|digital enhancement of speech perception in noisy environments.|flexible low-density parity-check codes: rate, length, and complexity.|datenqualität und erhebungssorgfalt beim vertrieb von prepaidkarten im mobilfunkbereich.
wisslit-verlag,zukunftstechnologien und politische gestaltung: zur staatlichen regulierung technischer innovationen ; probleme und lösungsstrategien am beispiel der informations- und kommunikationstechniken.
wissner,der diskrete charme der neuen medien: digitale musik im medientheoretischen kontext und deren musikpädagogische wertung.|theorie und anwendung interaktiver statistischer graphik.|lineare optimierung mit dem schatteneckenalgorithmus: untersuchungen zum mittleren rechenaufwand und entartungsverhalten.
witte,prüfung der kreditwürdigkeit im konsumentenkreditgeschäft mit hilfe neuronaler netze.
wittemann,nutzwertanalyse in der systemtechnik: eine methodik zur multidimensionalen bewertung und auswahl von projektalternativen.
wißner,schranken für die durchschnittliche laufzeit des simplexverfahrens und von innere-punkte-verfahren.|elektronisches handeln mit rechenleistung.|konsistenzmechanismen in software-dsm-systemen auf der basis strukturierter gemeinsamer speicherbereiche.|rthreads: ein heterogenes software-distributed-shared-memory-system mit strukturierten datenobjekten.|degree constrained subgraph problems and network flow optimization.|komponieren zwischen schule und social web: eine entwicklungsorientierte studie.
wochenschau-verlag,mensch und neue maschinensysteme: künstliche intelligenz und sprachverarbeitung in der politischen bildung.
wording robotics,beyond the conflict between "touch" and "feel" in robotics.|wording robotics - discourses and representations on robotics
working together apart: collaboration over the internet,working together apart: collaboration over the internet
world scientific,genetic fuzzy systems - evolutionary tuning and learning of fuzzy knowledge bases|computer transformation of digital images and patterns
worldscientific,multi-objective group decision making - methods, software and applications with fuzzy set techniques(with cd-rom)|graph-theoretic techniques for web content mining|modern statistical and mathematical methods in reliability|wavelet theory and its application to pattern recognition|image pattern recognition - synthesis and analysis in biometrics|progress in computer vision and image analysis
wuv-univ.-verlag,unerwünschte e-mail-werbung.|neurofuzzy-hybridsysteme: theoretische grundlagen, vergleich mit statistischen problemlösungsklassen und anwendung im rahmen leistungsdiagnostischer fragestellungen.
wvb,ein dienstorientiertes abrechnungsmodell für wertschöpfungsnetze: entwurf, entwicklung und prototyp.|modellierung und internet-basierte visualisierung von raum-zeit-daten.
wvb, wiss. verlag,verwendung verschiedener biosignale zur bedienung computergesteuerter systeme.|av-medien in der hochschullehre: konzeption und prototypische entwicklung eines content-management-systems für vorlesungsaufzeichnungen.
wvb, wiss. verlag berlin,towards adaptive management systems in manufacturing: an agent supported approach.
wvb, wissenschaftlicher verlag berlin,emotionale gestaltung multimedialer lernumgebungen: der einfluss visueller ästhetik und usability auf affektives erleben, motivation und lernerfolg.
wvt, wiss. verlag,database support for knowledge based systems.
wvt, wiss. verlag trier,übersetzen im informationszeitalter: überlegungen zur zukunft fachkommunikativen und interkulturellen handelns im global village.|künstliche intelligenz und sprachanalytische philosophie: ein praktischer versuch zur computerunterstützten begriffsanalyse, durchgeführt am beispiel der metaethischen verpflichtungstheorie hans-ulrich hoches.|die veränderung der fachsprache des schriftsetzers durch den einfluss der elektronischen datenverarbeitung.
würfel-verlag,octree-strahlgeneratoren: analyse, klassifikation und optimierung von octree-strahlgeneratoren in erweiterbaren ray-tracing-systemen.
würzburg univ. press,crossings, curves, and constraints in graph drawing.
xml retrieval,xml retrieval
xxxxxxxxxxx,studies in conversational ux design
your virtual butler,virtual helper or virtual card player? contrasting responses of older users.
zadi,nutzung von informatik und elektronik zur systemanalyse und unterstützung einer nachhaltigen landbewirtschaftung.
zaininger,ein agentenbasiertes, flexibel anpassungsfähiges ressourcenmanagement für verteilte, parallele und kooperative systeme.
zentralstelle der studentenschaft,clinipharm ii.|hyperlinguistics: hypertext-lernumgebungen im akademischen kontext ; eine fallstudie.|beiträge zur erzeugung weicher schatten in der fotorealistischen bildsynthese.
zero-effort technologies,zero-effort technologies: considerations, challenges, and use in health, wellness, and rehabilitation, second edition
zib,paralleler und objektorientierter simplex-algorithmus.
zkw,risk-averse reinforcement learning.
zukunft ingenieurwissenschaften,zukunft ingenieurwissenschaften - zukunft deutschland, beiträge einer 4ing-fachkonferenz und der ersten gemeinsamen plenarversammlung der 4ing-fakultätentage am 14. und 15.07.2008 an der rwth aachen|ingenieurmangel in deutschland - ein image- und kommunikationsproblem?
école normale supérieure de cachan, france,segmentation d'image médicales volumiques à l'aide de maillages déformables contraints. (medical images segmentation using constrained deformable models).
éditions rnti,open data : bilans, avancées et nouveaux défis|fouille de données complexes
österr. computer-ges.,modellierung und leistungsanalyse paralleler systeme mit dem prm-netz-modell.
österr. kunst- und kulturverl.,zellulare zeitmultiplex- und codemultiplex-funksysteme.|untersuchungen zur durchschnittlichen gestalt gewisser baumfamilien: mit besonderer berücksichtigung von anwendungen in der informatik.|sprachcodierung mit dem celp-verfahren für datenraten von 4,8 bis 8,0 kbits.
österreichische computer gesellschaft,datenschutz und privacy by design im identitätsmanagement.
