35 years of fuzzy set theory,bart van gasse;magda komorníková;miguel pagola;irina perfilieva;mike nachtegael;yun shi;martine de cock;vilém novák;yassine djouadi;xia wu
3d integration for noc-based soc architectures,paul d. franzon;narayanan vijaykrishnan;eby g. friedman;yuan xie 0001;tadahiro kuroda;frédéric pétrot;shan yan;dinesh pamunuwa;bill lin;vasilis f. pavlidis
3d research challenges in cultural heritage,dieter w. fellner;sander münster;sven havemann;florian rist;nicolas billen;matteo dellepiane;daniel dworak;wolfgang hegel;moritz neumüller;marc grellert
[createspace],ernesto diaz-aviles
a biosystems approach to industrial patient monitoring and diagnostic devices,gail baura
a blossoming development of splines,stephen mann
a concise introduction to models and methods for automated planning,blai bonet;hector geffner
a concise introduction to multiagent systems and distributed artificial intelligence,nikos vlassis
a construction manual for robots' ethical systems,jean-gabriel ganascia;tamas madl;selmer bringsjord;mihnea tufis;stan franklin;robert trappl;susan leigh anderson;luís moniz pereira;brigitte krenn;jaap ham
a guide to convolutional neural networks for computer vision,syed afaq ali shah;mohammed bennamoun;salman hameed khan;hossein rahmani
a guide to visual multi-level interface design from synthesis of empirical study evidence,tamara munzner;heidi lam
a gyrovector space approach to hyperbolic geometry,abraham albert ungar
a handbook for analytical writing: keys to strategic thinking,william e. winner
a hybrid imagination: science and technology in cultural perspective,steen hyldgaard christensen;andrew jamison;lars botin
a little book on teaching,steven f. barrett
a perspective in theoretical computer science,rani siromoney;gift siromoney;kamala krithivasan;k. g. subramanian 0001;p. j. abisha;hwei-jen lin;przemyslaw prusinkiewicz;karel culik ii;aravind k. joshi;azriel rosenfeld
a perspective on single-channel frequency-domain speech enhancement,jacob benesty;yiteng huang
a philosophy of technology: from technical artefacts to sociotechnical systems,wybo houkes;ibo van de poel;pieter e. vermaas;peter kroes;maarten franssen
a practical guide to gender diversity for computer science faculty,diana franklin
a practical guide to testing wireless smartphone applications,julian harty
a primer on compression in the memory hierarchy,angelos arelakis;david a. wood 0001;somayeh sardashti;per stenström
a primer on hardware prefetching,thomas f. wenisch;babak falsafi
a primer on memory consistency and cache coherence,david a. wood 0001;daniel j. sorin;mark d. hill
a primer on physical-layer network coding,soung chang liew;shengli zhang;lu lu 0001
a short introduction to preferences,francesca rossi;toby walsh;kristen brent venable
a, b, see... in 3d,dan g. dimitriu
aaron swartz's the programmable web: an unfinished work,aaron swartz
academia-verlag,reinhard honert
access control in data management systems,elena ferrari
accuracy and fuzziness,humberto bustince;luís argüelles méndez;josé a. olivas;itziar garcía-honrado;benjamín montesinos;j. lópez facal;daniel sánchez 0001;senén barro;oscar cordón;alberto bugarín
accurate computation of mathieu functions,andrew f. peterson;malcolm bibby
acoustical impulse response functions of music performance halls,rangaraj m. rangayyan;douglas frey
action programming languages,michael thielscher
active learning,burr settles
activity theory in hci,victor kaptelinin;bonnie a. nardi
adag,peter schnorf
adaptive and multilevel metaheuristics,marc sevaux;ignacio araya;kenneth sörensen;patrick schittekat;mauro brunato;evelyne lutton;roberto battiti;roberto santana;enrique dunn;martin josef geiger
adaptive and personalized semantic web,bill vassiliadis;konstantinos votis;theodore s. papatheodorou;markos f. fragakis;spiridon d. likothanassis;christos e. alexakos;yannis panagis;michalis nik xenos;spiros sirmakessis;thanyalak maneewatthana
adaptive high-resolution sensor waveform design for tracking,antonia papandreou-suppappola;darryl morrell;ioannis kyriakides
adaptive interaction: a utility maximization approach to understanding human interaction with technology,andrew howes;stephen j. payne
adaptive mesh refinement for time-domain numerical electromagnetics,costas d. sarris
addison-wesley,franziska klügl;gustaf neumann;ralf kühnel
adiabatic quantum computation and quantum annealing: theory and practice,catherine c. mcgeoch
advanced autonomous vehicle design for severe environments,vladimir v. vantsevich;mike blundell;jeremy p. gray;corina sandu;sergey b. shukhman;kyriakos g. vamvoudakis;gregory r. hudas;adrian sandu;mike dickison;massimiliano gobbi
advanced bimanual manipulation,gianluca palli;ciro natale;giovanni berselli;alberto finzi;katharina hertkorn;giuseppe de maria;chris may;jim mainprice;gabriele vassura;rüdiger dillmann
advanced circuit simulation using multisim workbench,félix e. guerrero-castro;david báez-lópez;ofelia cervantes villagómez
advanced computational intelligence in healthcare (7),ilias maglogiannis;athanasios kallipolitis;daniel r. catchpoole;christos tjortjis;georgios n. dimitrakopoulos;georgia kontogianni;costas lambrinoudakis;simeon simoff;george k. matsopoulos;aristidis g. vrahatis
advanced computational intelligence paradigms in healthcare (1),vipul kashyap;robert a. greenes;tonya hongsermeier;margarita sordo;luigi portinale;roberta annicchiarico;carlo caltagirone;sheryl brahnam;antonio b. martínez;roberto bellazzi
advanced computational intelligence paradigms in healthcare - 2,josé luís oliveira;petros g. danias;antonia anogeianaki;apostolos hatzitolios;augusto silva;negrin negrev;guido panfili;lakhmi c. jain;luca piccini;kai zheng 0002
advanced computational methods for knowledge engineering,tien van do;hoai an le thi;nguyen v. thoai;cuong duc nguyen;ngoc thanh nguyen;tin c. truong;nguyen-thinh le;bac le;le thi hoai an;minh thuy ta
advanced dynamic modeling of economic and social systems,sárka hosková-mayerová;alois hofmann;petr kubícek;biagio simonetti;václav talhofer;araceli n. proto;giulia rotundo;bernard brooks;antonio maturo;enrico ciavolino
advanced intelligent computational technologies and decision support systems,roumen kountchev;veska m. georgieva;ivo r. draganov;barna iantovics;valentina emilia balas;bogdan patrut;lászló kovács;hubert wojtowicz;wieslaw wajs;ahmad taher azar
advanced intelligent paradigms in computer games,john hallam;simon m. lucas;sung-bae cho;carlos justiniano;hisashi handa;kevin burns;michael michalakopoulos;maria fasli;kyung-joong kim;norio baba
advanced intelligent systems,yutaka hata;syoji kobashi;naoki tsuchiya;hiroshi nakajima;chen-chia chuang;tomomoto ishikawa;chih-ching hsiao;seturo imawaki;shun-feng su;kei kuramoto
advanced metasearch engine technology,weiyi meng;clement t. yu
advanced methods for computational collective intelligence,edmundas kazimieras zavadskas;arturas kaklauskas;bay vo;justas cerkauskas;jurga naimaviciene;hieu chi nguyen;nor haniza sarmin;vilém novák;adnan yassine;zofia wilimowska
advanced probability theory for biomedical engineers,daniel j. krause;john d. enderle;david c. farden
advanced query processing (1),barbara catania;giovanna guerrini;norman w. paton;efthymia tsamoura;gilles nachouki;seung-won hwang;sai wu;anastasios gounaris;yannis manolopoulos;kostas stefanidis
advanced radar detection schemes under mismatched signal models,giuseppe ricci;danilo orlando;francesco bandiera
advanced research in data privacy,vicenç torra;guillermo navarro-arribas;josep lluís ferrer-gomila;david sánchez 0001;jordi herrera-joancomartí;jordi castellà-roca;daniel abril;josep domingo-ferrer;miguel soriano;matteo signorini
advanced soa tools and applications,jerzy brzezinski;wojciech cellary;adam grzech;stanislaw ambroszkiewicz;krzysztof zielinski;marek pilski;sergiusz strykowski;michal szychowiak;waldemar bartyna;piotr nawrocki
advanced topics in computer vision,horst bischof;kobus barnard;aaron c. courville;sandra ebert;kyoung mu lee;lamberto ballan;thomas mensink;atousa torabi;martin weinmann;minsu cho
advances and applications in sliding mode control systems,ahmad taher azar;sundarapandian vaidyanathan;mohammed ouassaid;anis sellami;mohamed cherkaoui;sauro longhi;fernando e. serrano;gianluca ippoliti;tarak damak;javier espinoza-jurado
advances in applied self-organizing systems,mikhail prokopenko;gianluca baldassarre;andrew adamatzky;nicholas j. macias;randall gray;ivan tanev;lisa j. k. durbeck;ryszard kowalczyk;d. a. scott;albert y. zomaya
advances in biologically inspired information systems,geoffrey canright;falko dressler;christian bettstetter;gunther auer;andreas deutsch;david linner;james decraene;johan de heer;pedro c. pinto;sachin kulkarni
advances in chaos theory and intelligent control,sundarapandian vaidyanathan;ahmad taher azar;christos k. volos;viet-thanh pham;abdesselem boulkroune;vineet kumar 0001;mohamed a. moustafa hassan;naglaa kamel bahgaat;k. p. s. rana;toufik bouden
advances in control of articulated and mobile robots,marina indri;federico lorussi;tommaso leo;gianni ferretti;claudio melchiorri;andrew r. teel;paolo rocco;paolo arcara;andrea bonci;alessio turetta
advances in digital government,ahmed k. elmagarmid;brian whitman;michael chau;aidong zhang;judith klavans;jeffrey roy;hsinchun chen;elettra cappadozzi;james b. d. joshi;kincho h. law
advances in distributed agent-based retrieval tools,cristian lai;rodolfo delmonte;piero molino;jörg tiedemann;hatem ghorbel;vincenzo pallotta;laurence longo;claude moulin;jean-luc manguin;rocco tripodi
advances in evolutionary computing for system design,lakhmi c. jain;gokop goteng;chee peng lim;dongrui wu;romesh m. ranawana;dipankar dasgupta;vladimiro miranda;rajkumar roy;nirmal baran hui;markos p. anastasopoulos
advances in feature selection for data and pattern recognition,sheela ramanna;beata zielosko;urszula stanczyk;jerzy w. grzymala-busse;doug fowler;regina meszlényi;krzysztof pancerz;wieslaw paja;mihai alexandru suciu;andrzej czyzewski
advances in ict for business, industry and public sector,krzysztof kluza;grzegorz j. nalepa;thomas jestädt;piotr bober;maria mach-król;bartlomiej gawel;tommy baumann;celina m. olszak;lubomyr b. petryshyn;bogdan rebiasz
advances in information and intelligent systems,william ribarsky;anhai doan;frits h. post;scott barlowe;jianping fan 0001;keh-hsun chen;seok won lee;weiyi meng;brent byunghoon kang;wenxin jiang
advances in intelligent analysis of medical data and decision support systems,roumen kountchev;ivo r. draganov;vladimir todorov;veska m. georgieva;roumiana kountcheva;antoaneta a. popova;valentina emilia balas;abdel-badeeh m. salem;kidiyo kpalma;lakhdar belhallouche
advances in intelligent information and database systems,pawel lenkiewicz;mustafa mat deris;tutut herawan;iwan tri riyadi yanto;shih-kai lin;barbara begier;thanawin rakthanmanon;verayuth lertnattee;david bainbridge 0001;wojciech rutkowski
advances in intelligent information systems,zbigniew w. ras;nicola zannone;fabio massacci;daniel chester;cory j. butz;françois rioult;jiuyong li;wenxin jiang;seniz demir;hua wang
advances in intelligent modelling and simulation,witold dzwinel;gerhard-wilhelm weber;carlos perez;marco arguedas;maciej paszynski;michael muccio;cong li;gaby neumann;katja klingebiel;loránd szabó
advances in intelligent tutoring systems,roger nkambou;jacqueline bourdeau;riichiro mizoguchi;beverly park woolf;pierre tchounikine;winslow burleson;frank a. j. leenaars;hicham hage;esma aïmeur;leena m. razzaq
advances in machine learning i,lukasz a. kurgan;krzysztof dembczynski;joachim diederich;michelangelo ceci;lorenza saitta;johannes fürnkranz;janusz kacprzyk;tak fai yik;alan b. tickle;james f. peters
advances in machine learning ii,min sun;jacek koronacki;nikola k. kasabov;leonid b. litinskii;laura moss;mariusz paradowski;tomasz szapiro;jan rauch;marek grochowski;boris kryzhanovsky
advances in modern blind signal separation algorithms: theory and applications,philipos c. loizou;kostas kokkinakis
advances in multi-channel resource allocation,ness b. shroff;xiaojun lin;bo ji
advances in multi-objective nature inspired computing,laetitia jourdan;thomas stützle;christian horoba;frank neumann 0001;arnaud liefooghe;luís paquete;carlos a. coello coello;clarisse dhaenens;antonio j. nebro;jérémie humeau
advances in music information retrieval,zbigniew w. ras;alicja wieczorkowska;shigeki sagayama;andreas rauber;j. stephen downie;agatha walczak-typke;nityananda dey;marcus t. pearce;bhaswati mukherjee;emilia gómez
advances in probabilistic databases for uncertain information management,tingjian ge;gerardo i. simari;alfredo cuzzocrea;zongmin ma 0001;thomas lukasiewicz;pierre senellart;alex dekhtyar;francesco parisi;v. s. subrahmanian;li yan 0001
advances in reflectometric sensing for industrial applications,egidio de benedetto;giuseppe cannazza;andrea cataldo
advances in semantic media adaptation and personalization,ahmed sameh;kristof thys;constantinos koutsojannis;sébastien laborie;landong zuo;michal moravcík;anupriya ankolekar;bernard horan;i. d. psoroulas;ilias maglogiannis
advances in social media analysis,aníbal ollero;j. ramiro martinez de dios;ahmed m. elmogy;bruno d. gouveia;krithi ramamritham;ruihai dong;arturo torres-gonzález;matthew purver;guillermo heredia;barry smyth
advances in telerobotics,manuel ferre;martin buss;rafael aracil;claudio melchiorri;sandra hirche;jordi barrio;carlos balaguer;angelika peer;detlef reintsema;josep amat
advances in type-2 fuzzy sets and systems,mikel galar;xinwang liu;krzysztof jemielniak;christian wagner 0002;simon coupland;miguel pagola;carlos lopez-molina;patricia melin;jerry m. mendel;john harding
advances in ubiquitous user modelling,amruth n. kumar;sergey a. sosnovsky;roberto furnari;vassilis papataxiarhis;francesca carmagnola;tsvi kuflik;geert-jan houben;julita vassileva;melanie hartmann;panayotis kikiras
advances in waveform-agile sensing for tracking,antonia papandreou-suppappola;darryl morrell;sandeep prasad sira
advances in web intelligence and data mining,oded maimon;lior rokach;chi-hung chi;mark last;barak chizi;piotr s. szczepaniak;zeev volkovich;lin liu 0001;luis sánchez fernández;hasan davulcu
advances in web semantics i,elizabeth chang 0001;tharam s. dillon;robert meersman;farookh khadeer hussain;katia p. sycara;ajay gupta 0004;sami bhiri;wil m. p. van der aalst;mukesh k. mohania;fiona mcneill
advances of computational intelligence in industrial systems,benno stein 0001;anil pahwa;weisi lin;yun dai;evgeni tsivtsivadze;xiao-hua yu;salima benbernou;yan-xia lin;jorma boberg;sheenal srivastava
advances on superelliptic curves and their applications,tony shaska;lubjana beshaj;artur elezi;michael stoll;eustrat zhupa;kiran s. kedlaya;m. izquierdo;michal klisowski;jan steffen müller;jennifer s. balakrishnan
advances onto the internet of things,salvatore gaglio;marco morana;giuseppe lo re;alessandra de paola;daniele peri;enrico daidone;gloria martorella;agnese augello;marco ortolani;armando segatori
adversarial and uncertain reasoning for adaptive cyber defense,peng liu 0005;george cybenko;sushil jajodia;massimiliano albanese;michael p. wellman;minghui zhu;zhisheng hu;sridhar venkatesan;ping chen 0003;demosthenis teneketzis
adversarial machine learning,murat kantarcioglu;yevgeniy vorobeychik
aerial robotic manipulation,aníbal ollero;guillermo heredia;alberto sanfeliu;manuel béjar;albert pumarola;antonio franchi;antonio e. jimenez-cano;konstantin kondak;alexandre boeuf;juan andrade-cetto
affect and emotion in human-computer interaction,russell beale;christian martyn jones;antje lichtenstein;talya porat;elisabeth andré;david royer;gordon mcintyre;christian peter;chris creed;astrid oehme
afra-verlag,mathias müller
agent and multi-agent technology for internet and enterprise systems,anne håkansson;chee peng lim;severin bumbaru;gordan jezic;peter vrancx;vjekoslav sinkovic;nicolae jascanu;grzegorz kolaczek;antonio fernández-caballero 0001;veronica jascanu
agent-based optimization,piotr jedrzejowicz;ewa ratajczak-ropel;ireneusz czarnowski;dariusz barbucha;kunal srivastava;izabela wierzbowska;aleksander skakovski;kang tai;angelia nedic;anand j. kulkarni
agent-based service-oriented computing,nathan griffiths;kuo-ming chao;bo liu 0004;dieter fensel;michael luck;chi-chun lo;mike joy;sarah n. lim choi keung;shanshan yang;leon smalov
agents and ambient intelligence,rob duell;gregory m. p. o'hare;michal ptaszynski;cristiano castelfranchi;alcides de j. montoya;francisco campuzano;koen v. hindriks;barnan das;pawel dybala;christian detweiler
agriculture and environment perspectives in intelligent systems,raquel martínez-españa;lakshmi gopakumar;josé manuel cadenas;m. carmen garrido;carmen fernández-lópez;mariano gonzález garcía;seonghun lee;belén ayuso;m. ángel guillén-navarro;ammini joseph
ai and ml for digital pathology,andreas holzinger;peter hufnagl;norman zerbe;heimo müller;sarni suhaila rahim;peter regitnig;vasile palade;björn lindequist;yoichi hayashi;d. lansing taylor
aka,thorsten bohnenberger;joachim baumeister;nina dethlefs;mazeyar e. makoui;mari carmen suárez-figueroa;olaf hartig;stefan wollny;martin atzmüller;andreas d. lattner;jochen hipp
aka akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka gmbh, berlin,martin necaský;manuel wimmer;markus m. berg;stephan hagemann;joachim schwieren
akad. verlag,diana rittinghaus-mayer;detlev schmidt
akademie-verlag,georg albert;karl hartwig stahnke-jungheim
akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka,riccardo zese
akademische verlagsgesellschaft aka gmbh,johannes hellrich;marc finthammer;jasper van de ven
akademischer verlag heinz,yong liang 0005
algebraic aspects of digital communications,vladimir d. tonchev;kay magaard;sergey v. shpectorov;artur elezi;andreas stein;vasyl ustimenko;david naccache;tony shaska;g. s. wijesiri;w. cary huffman
algebraic foundations of systems specification,donald sannella;andrzej tarlecki;horst reichel;till mossakowski;maría victoria cengarle;michel bidoit;gilles bernot;hans-jörg kreowski;gianna reggio;hartmut ehrig
algorithm engineering,dorothea wagner;peter sanders 0001;christian schulz 0003;claudius jähn;matthias müller-hannemann;benjamin doerr;melanie schmidt 0001;magnus wahlström;marc goerigk;cid c. de souza
algorithms and software for predictive and perceptual modeling of speech,venkatraman atti
algorithms for next generation networks,danny raz;mung chiang;jennifer rexford;yan chen 0004;alex sprintson;debora donato;thomas bengtsson;david liben-nowell;todd salamon;harish viswanathan
algorithms for reinforcement learning,csaba szepesvári
algorithms from and for nature and life,daniel baier;claus weihs;wolfgang gaul;julia schiffner;vladimir makarenkov;igor vatolkin;satoru yokoyama;stephen l. france;akinori okada;carlos cuevas-covarrubias
aliasing in object-oriented programming,tobias wrigstad;james noble 0001;johan östlund;manu sridharan;alan mycroft;dave clarke 0001;robert l. bocchino jr.;yannick welsch;john boyland;michael d. ernst
ambient intelligence in everyday,michael baskett;gabriel jiménez;caroline anthony;iván garcía;katsumi tanaka;arjen p. de vries;javier fernández;asim smailagic;julian aube;raj reddy
an anthropology of services,jeanette blomberg;chuck darrah
an easy path to convex analysis and applications,nguyen mau nam;boris s. mordukhovich
an introduction to constraint-based temporal reasoning,robert a. morris 0001;roman barták;kristen brent venable
an introduction to duplicate detection,melanie herschel;felix naumann
an introduction to kalman filtering with matlab examples,mahesh k. banavar;andreas spanias;narayan kovvali
an introduction to logic circuit testing,parag k. lala
an introduction to models of online peer-to-peer social networking,george kesidis
an introduction to multivariable mathematics,leon simon
an introduction to partial differential equations,daniel j. arrigo
an introduction to the locally-corrected nyström method,andrew f. peterson;malcolm bibby
an introduction to the planning domain definition language,daniele magazzeni;nir lipovetzky;christian muise;patrik haslum
an introduction to verification of visualization techniques,cláudio t. silva;tiago etiene;robert m. kirby
an outline of informational genetics,gerard battail
analyse statistique implicative,jean-claude régnier;régis gras;raphaël couturier;gilbert ritschard;filippo spagnolo;tarek bellaj;robin gras;julien blanchard;djamel abdelkader zighed;serge baquédano
analysis and design of intelligent systems using soft computing techniques,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;i. burhan türksen;mohammad hossein fazel zarandi;sándor m. szilágyi;roberto sepúlveda;lászló szilágyi;zoltán benyó;irfan ertugrul;witold pedrycz
analysis and design of substrate integrated waveguide using efficient 2d hybrid method,xuan hui wu;ahmed a. kishk
analysis and design of transmitarray antennas,fan yang;atef z. elsherbeni;payam nayeri;ahmed h. abdelrahman
analysis and visualization of citation network,andreas strotmann;dangzhi zhao
analysis of oriented texture with applications to the detection of architectural distortion in mammograms,rangaraj m. rangayyan;j. e. leo desautels;fábio j. ayres
analysis of ssr in dfig-based wind farms,hossein ali mohammadpour;enrico santi
analysis of the mpeg-1 layer iii (mp3) algorithm using matlab,andreas spanias;jayaraman j. thiagarajan
analysis techniques for information security,david melski;somesh jha;thomas w. reps;ninghui li;anupam datta
analytical performance modeling for computer systems,y. c. tay
analytical performance modeling for computer systems, second edition,y. c. tay
analytical performance modeling for computer systems, third edition,y. c. tay
analytical solutions for two ferromagnetic nanoparticles immersed in a magnetic field,gehan anthonys
analytical techniques for solving nonlinear partial differential equations,daniel j. arrigo
analyzing analytics,rajesh bordawekar;bob blainey;ruchir puri
anaphora resolution - algorithms, resources, and applications,massimo poesio;yannick versley;roland stuckardt;sameer pradhan;marta recasens;mijail a. kabadjov;olga uryupina;anders björkelund;shane bergsma;renata vieira
anatomy ontologies for bioinformatics,fabian neuhaus;richard a. baldock;duncan davidson;albert burger;barry smith 0001;jonathan bard;josé l. v. mejino jr.;björn rozell;chris mungall;peter f. stevens
anchor academic publishing,ahlam sawsaa
ancient hindu science,alok kumar
annual review of cybertherapy and telemedicine,giuseppe riva;mariano alcañiz;andrea gaggioli;josé gutiérrez-maldonado;brenda k. wiederhold;beatriz rey;marta ferrer-garcía;pietro cipresso;alejandro rodríguez 0004;rosa maría baños
anomaly detection as a service,salvatore j. stolfo;danfeng (daphne) yao;xiaokui shu;long cheng 0005
answer set solving in practice,torsten schaub;benjamin kaufmann;roland kaminski;martin gebser
answering queries using views,rada chirkova;foto n. afrati
answering queries using views (2nd edition),rada chirkova;foto n. afrati
antennas with non-foster matching networks,james t. aberle;robert loepsinger-romak
anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory,nasser kehtarnavaz;fatemeh saki
anywhere-anytime signals and systems laboratory (2nd edition),nasser kehtarnavaz;adrian duran;fatemeh saki
application design for wearable computing,thad starner;asim smailagic;daniel p. siewiorek
application of semantic technology in biodiversity science,ramona l. walls;james p. balhoff;hilmar lapp;todd j. vision;rathachai chawuthai;carolyn j. lawrence-dill;hong cui;nico m. franz;jill l. wegrzyn;lisa r. moore
applications of affine and weyl geometry,eduardo garcía-río;peter gilkey;ramón vázquez-lorenzo;stana nikcevic
applications of computational intelligence in biology,elizabeth a. gifford;sergio l. pereira;lech polkowski;peter andrews;thomas mctavish;piotr artiemjew;partha p. mitra;padraig gleeson;samar mehta;dawn r. magness
applications of computational intelligence in biomedical technology,jaroslav majerník;krzysztof pancerz;jozef zivcák;ivan cimrák;pavlína kuránová;andrzej burda;markus gusenbauer;iveta jancigová;steven samoil;alina fedoseeva
applications of intelligent optimization in biology and medicine,nilanjan dey;aboul ella hassanien;noreen kausar;ahmed fouad ali;mohammed marey;hala mousher ebied;jitendra virmani;nabiha azizi;hisham m. abdelsalam;amira s. ashour
applications of neural networks in high assurance systems,johann schumann;wen yu 0001;medorian d. gheorghiu;jim barhorst;anuradha m. annaswamy;eugene lavretsky;alireza rezazadeh;helen yu;jinho jang;bojan cukic
applications of sliding mode control,sundarapandian vaidyanathan;soufiene bouallègue;alessandro freddi;riccardo felicetti;francesco ferracuti;joseph haggège;andrea monteriù;alessandro baldini;lucio ciabattoni;ahmed rhif
applications of social media and social network analysis,sébastien heymann;simon crowle;jooyoung lee;jean-loup guillaume;mohammad y. allaho;georgios palaiokrassas;james r. michaelis;cynthia chang;padma polash paul;eric leprêtre
applications of supervised and unsupervised ensemble methods,clemens otte;sebastian nusser;muna al-razgan;carlotta domeniconi;manuel filipe santos;paola campadelli;angelo riccio;georg krempl;fabio roli;werner hauptmann
applications of zero-suppressed decision diagrams,jon t. butler;tsutomu sasao
applied graph theory in computer vision and pattern recognition,horst bunke;mark last;jean-michel jolion;lawrence b. holder;fabio roli;abraham kandel;diane j. cook;gian luca marcialis;walter g. kropatsch;alain bretto
applied pattern recognition,christoph von der malsburg;mark last;zhenyu he 0001;günter westphal;marc stettler;georgy l. gimel'farb;xiaoyi jiang 0001;sigal elnekave;yung-fu chen;dongxiao zhou
apprimus verlag,gunter spöcker;merih seran uysal;marius politze;melanie neunerdt;ines färber;violett zeller;jörg hoffmann 0006;florian heller;roland assam;martin hoppen
apprimus-verlag,kai kasugai;brigitte boden;andré calero valdez;matthias deindl
approaches to legal rationality,john woods 0001;dov m. gabbay;ana dimiskovska trajanoska;michel crubellier;patrice canivez;pol boucher;maximilian herberger;david m. rasmussen;sandrine chassagnard-pinet;mathilde cohen
approximability of optimization problems through adiabatic quantum computation,guillermo morales-luna;william cruz-santos
aq-verlag,rainer rauch;johannes arz
architecting the digital transformation,florian matthes;alfred zimmermann;kurt sandkuhl;oleg svatos;rainer schmidt 0001;ömer uludag;yoshimasa masuda;dierk jugel;václav repa;sascha nägele
architectural and operating system support for virtual memory,abhishek bhattacharjee;daniel lustig
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part i,steven f. barrett
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! part ii,steven f. barrett
arduino microcontroller processing for everyone! third edition,steven f. barrett
arduino microcontroller: processing for everyone! second edition,steven f. barrett
argesim-asim-verlag,sven pawletta
arguing on the toulmin model,bart verheij;david hitchcock;sanjay modgil;robert c. pinto;cristiano castelfranchi;ronald p. loui;wouter h. slob;lilian bermejo-luque;g. thomas goodnight;chris reed
argumentation machines,timothy j. norman;chris reed;trevor j. m. bench-capon;theodore scaltsas;erik c. w. krabbe;corin a. gurr;floriana grasso;leo groarke;peter mcburney;hanns hohmann
argumentation mining,jodi schneider;manfred stede
array grammars, patterns and recognizers,yasunori yamamoto;akira nakamura;v. rajkumar dare;kenichi morita;kunio aizawa;rani siromoney;ahmed saoudi;kazuhiro sugata;k. g. subramanian 0001;p. j. abisha
ars una,inge blatt;gitta wilke;gert fieguth
art and communication,astrid achenbach
artdeco,letizia tanca;eugenio zimeo;emilio bellini;elisabetta di nitto;giorgio orsi 0001;carlo ghezzi;elisa quintarelli;giuseppe anastasi;romolo camplani;paola spoletini
articulation and intelligibility,jont b. allen
articulatory speech synthesis from the fluid dynamics of the vocal apparatus,scott slimon;jun huang;donald davis;stephen e. levinson
artificial general intelligence,jürgen schmidhuber;cassio pennachin;ben goertzel;eliezer yudkowsky;peter voss;pei wang;lukasz kaiser;keith hoyes;hugo de garis;marcus hutter
artificial intelligence applications in information and communication technologies,nizar bouguila;djemel ziou;yacine laalaoui;hana rudová;dalibor klusácek;j. lópez;hedi m'halla;samir kechid;wilson ramírez;anny martínez
artificial intelligence in recognition and classification of astrophysical and medical images,valentina v. zharkova;sergei i. zharkov;stanley s. ipson;emanuele salerno;boris cigale;anna tonazzini;hiroyuki yoshida;vitaly schetinin;damjan zazula;anatoly brazhnikov
artificial intelligence methods and tools for systems biology,martin stetter;richard baumgartner;olivier martin 0002;rita almeida;murray e. alexander;peter zhilkin;ron d. appel;sulev sild;bryan w. scotney;panos dafas
artificial intelligence techniques for computer graphics,dimitri plemenos;georgios bardis;georgios miaoulis;george miaoulis;christophe renaud;josué jr. guimarães ramos;nikolaos d. doulamis;alla safonova;ling xu;jônatas manzolli
artificial intelligence, evolutionary computing and metaheuristics,xin-she yang 0001;urszula romanczuk;vasyl ustimenko;akira imada;qionghai dai;hisham m. abdelsalam;larry bull;niva florio;ghaith rabadi;erik cuevas
artificial intelligence: an international perspective,andrea omicini;john atkinson;amaryllis raouzaiou;mirko viroli;helder coelho;nenad stefanovic;lori malatesta;michela milano;max bramer;eunika mercier-laurent
artificial organs,gerald e. miller
aschendorff,klaus oberauer
asgard-verlag hippe,hans sendler
aspects of automatic text analysis,reinhard köhler;alexander mehler;hans strohner;kari sentz;michael stubbs;wolfgang wildgen;stefan bordag;peter gritzmann;gerhard heyer;gert rickheit
aspects of differential geometry i,jeonghyeong park;peter gilkey;ramón vázquez-lorenzo
aspects of differential geometry ii,jeonghyeong park;peter gilkey;ramón vázquez-lorenzo
aspects of differential geometry iv,jeonghyeong park;eduardo garcía-río;peter gilkey;esteban calviño-louzao;ramón vázquez-lorenzo
assistive technology design for intelligence augmentation,stefan carmien
assurances for self-adaptive systems,wilhelm schäfer;xavier etchevers;florian nafz;alessio gambi;giordano tamburrelli;brady j. garvin;dominik steenken;klaus pohl;pierre-yves schobbens;matthias tichy
asynchronous sequential machine design and analysis,richard f. tinder
athenäum,walter bossert
atlantis press,cassio pennachin;ben goertzel;nil geisweiller;simon elias bibri;abderazek ben abdallah;md. atiqur rahman ahad;jacopo mauro;marieke rohde;jan a. bergstra;lúcio de souza coelho
atmel avr microcontroller primer,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett
atmel avr microcontroller primer, second edition,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett
augustinus-buchh.,edeltraud vomberg
automated grammatical error detection for language learners,claudia leacock;joel r. tetreault;michael gamon;martin chodorow
automated grammatical error detection for language learners, second edition,claudia leacock;joel r. tetreault;michael gamon;martin chodorow
automated metadata in multimedia information systems,michael g. christel
automated reasoning for systems biology and medicine,misbah razzaq;ali hadizadeh esfahani;hanen mhamdi;benjamin m. gyori;dragan bosnacki;p. s. thiagarajan;thao dang;jacob beal;alexandre rocca;jeyashree krishnan
automated scheduling and planning,werner schafhauser;bahriye akay;dmitry ponomarev;michalis mavrovouniotis;shengxiang yang;wolfgang slany;luca di gaspero;pieter smet;elkin castro;truword kapamara
automated software diversity,lucas davi;ahmad-reza sadeghi;michael franz;stefan brunthaler;per larsen
automatic detection of verbal deception,joan bachenko;eileen fitzpatrick;tommaso fornaciari
autonomous control for a reliable internet of services,ivan ganchev;tihana galinac grbac;hugh melvin;peter pocta;eirini liotou;lea skorin-kapov;tobias hoßfeld;fidel liberal;pasi e. lassila;wojciech burakowski
autonomous systems: developments and trends,herwig unger;kyandoghere kyamakya;fadi al machot;alireza fasih;sunantha sodsee;jean chamberlain chedjou;zhong li;theodor tempelmeier;roman gumzej;bogdan lent
av-verlag,norbert turulski
avm, munich, germany,sebastian wieczorek
awareness systems,panos markopoulos 0001;natalia a. romero;markus rittenbruch;boris e. r. de ruyter;georgios metaxas;koert van mensvoort;connor graham;saul greenberg;tim mansfield;michael cohen 0002
background subtraction: theory and practice,ahmed m. elgammal
bad to the bone, 2nd edition,jason kridner;steven f. barrett
bad to the bone: crafting electronic systems with beaglebone and beaglebone black,jason kridner;steven f. barrett
bandwidth extension of speech using perceptual criteria,steven sandoval;julie liss;visar berisha
basic feedback controls in biomedicine,charles s. lessard
basic probability theory for biomedical engineers,daniel j. krause;john d. enderle;david c. farden
basic simulation models of phase tracking devices using matlab,ratchaneekorn thamvichai;tamal bose;william h. tranter
bats codes,shenghao yang;raymond w. yeung
bayesian analysis in natural language processing (2nd edition),shay b. cohen
beck,jörg schneider 0003;volker walter 0001;steffen landes;yanjun pan;frank bethge;jörn brandstätter;matthias kuhn;franz quint;erwin drixler;carl-thomas schneider
becker und schulz,wolfgang g. a. trier
behaviour monitoring and interpretation,hamid k. aghajan;thorsten spexard;xi long;felicia huppert;bettina schnor;annelies goris;björn gottfried;daniel johnson;kumari wickramasinghe;ronald m. aarts
belief revision meets philosophy of science,scott findlay;emmanuel j. genot;caroline semmling;heinrich wansing;horacio l. arló-costa;arthur paul pedersen;frank zenker;sebastian enqvist;gerhard schurz;peter gärdenfors
beltz,wolfgang lenk
benchmarking peer-to-peer systems,max lehn;kamill panitzek;christian gross 0001;karsten saller;wolfgang effelsberg;thorsten strufe;alexander hocks;elias weingärtner;osama abboud;dominik stingl
berlin-verlag spitz,klaus krakat
berliner zentrum für mechatronische medizintechnik,marc käsberg
bertz,angelika mader;dieter barnard;ulrike jaeger;rolf walter;markus holzer 0001;ekkart kindler;markus kohn;dominik gomm;karsten schmidt 0004;stefan haar
best practices in computer network defense,melissa e. hathaway;john n. stewart;sandro gaycken;dave mcmahon;elly van den heuvel;gustav lindstrom;william pelgrin;gerben klein baltink;matthew w. holt;steve purser
between logic and reality,imre rusza;nenad smokrovic;pierdaniele giaretta;danilo suster;berislav zarnic;manuel rebuschi;silvia gaio;stewart shapiro;majda trobok;milos arsenijevic
beuth,rolf flamm;mario schacht;hartmut f. binner
bi-wiss.-verlag,peter liggesmeyer;henning fernau;gregor stucke;rüdiger grimm
bi-wissenschaftsverlag,walter j. jaburek
big data and internet of things,ciprian dobre;jiang zhu 0002;dhiya al-jumeily;david n. crowley;vrettos moulos;emmanuel sardis;federico barrero;salvatore venticinque;markos zampoglou;john g. breslin
bio-inspired algorithms for the vehicle routing problem,christian prins;israel beniaminy;jano i. van hemert;anna esparcia-alcázar;dovi yellin;pierre dejax;anaís martínez-garcía;christelle guéret;pablo garcía-sánchez;chun yew cheong
bio-inspired hybrid intelligent systems for image analysis and pattern recognition,patricia melin;oscar castillo 0001;guillermo licea;leonardo trujillo;arnulfo alanis garza;humberto bustince sola;fevrier valdez;leonardo valencia olvera;aranzazu jurio;erika ayala
bio-inspired self-organizing robotic systems,yaochu jin;yan meng;wolfgang reif;andreas schierl;simon garnier;andrew adamatzky;hella seebach;hung manh la;aubery marchel tientcheu ngouabeu;weihua sheng
bio-inspiring cyber security and cloud services,aboul ella hassanien;ayman m. bahaa eldin;azizah abd manaf;mona m. soliman;hoda m. onsi;mohamed fahmy tolba;tarek gaber;sajjad dadkhah;salim chitroub;kenneth revett
bio-medical cmos ics,hoi-jun yoo;chris van hoof;geert van der plas;yong jeong;david a. dinsmoor;sunyoung kim;wesley a. santa;timothy j. denison;seong-jun song;jerald yoo
bioinstrumentation,john d. enderle
biomedical data and applications,amandeep s. sidhu;matthew i. bellgard;minaya villasana;arash shaban-nejad;jake y. chen;marius brezovan;giuliana di santo;daniele apiletti;flavio corradini;madhu chetty
biomedical image analysis: segmentation,nilanjan ray;scott t. acton
biomedical image analysis: tracking,nilanjan ray;scott t. acton
biomedical signals and systems,joseph v. tranquillo
biomedical technology assessment: the 3q method,phillip weinfurt
bionanotechnology,elisabeth s. papazoglou;aravind parthasarathy
birkhäuser,christian prehofer;margreet kuijper;manuel günter
bisociative knowledge discovery,hannu toivonen;michael r. berthold;nada lavrac;tobias kötter;igor mozetic;bojan cestnik;andreas nürnberger;marko petek;fang zhou;kilian thiel
blockchain cybersecurity, trust and privacy,reza m. parizi;ali dehghantanha;kim-kwang raymond choo;hadis karimipour;amritraj singh;gautam srivastava;meng han;gabriel bello;teng-sheng moh;richard r. brooks
blunk,jörn gehring;jens simon
bochumer universitäts-verlag,shadi traboulsi
bod,guido scherp
bod - books on demand,jan waller
bod books on demand,milan pesic
body tracking in healthcare,abigail sellen;cecily morrison;nadia bianchi-berthouze;cathy m. craig;kenton o'hara
books on demand,nils otto vor dem gentschen felde;thomas zimmermann 0001;harald störrle
books on demand gmbh,claudia ermel;anne jordt;michael goesele;markus middendorf;jörg dieter;sören frey;jens ehlers;andré van hoorn;katja franz;bethina schmitt
books on demand, norderstedt, germany,michael barth;johannes bitterling
boolean differential equations,bernd steinbach;christian posthoff
botermann und botermann,peter weuthen;ralf wiege;hans-georg wittkemper
botnet detection,david dagon;agnes klus;john bambenek;jonathan m. mccune;carl livadas;yan chen 0004;leendert van doorn;john c. mitchell;zhichun li;robert walsh
brain-computer interface research (3),brendan z. allison;christoph guger;emery n. brown;maria c. dadarlat;martin g. bleichner;rui xu;mary j. morrell;maryam m. shanechi;benjamin beyeler;koichi mori
brain-computer interface research (4),gerwin schalk;katsuhiko hamada;karen dijkstra;david p. mcmullen;alan d. ravitz;rajesh p. n. rao;jeffrey g. ojemann;ravindra arya;e. sellers;william s. anderson
brain-computer interface research (5),peter brunner;gerwin schalk;christoph guger;karen dijkstra;damien coyle;nathan e. crone;matthew p. para;rupert ortner;áine carroll;ki h. lee
brain-computer interface research (6),brendan z. allison;christoph guger;c. lin;zhaohui wu 0001;martin lundfall;stephen m. ronayne;chang s. nam;nicholas v. annetta;mikhail a. lebedev;xiangyang zhu
brain-computer interface research (7),natalie mrachacz-kersting;brendan z. allison;christoph guger;meigen liu;rafael malach;cristina gómez;m. westerveld;c. salinas;miho ogura;thibault verhoeven
brain-computer interfaces,anton nijholt;rudolph l. mappus iv;greg g. cook;rakesh deore;wei liu 0001;suresh mehrotra;melody moore jackson;jan b. f. van erp;elizabeth milne;martyn n. j. paley
brain-inspired information technology,masumi ishikawa;hatsuo hayashi;kazuo ishii;kazuki nakada;shuji aou;takeshi yamakawa;takashi morie;tsutomu miki;katsumi tateno;hideki nakagawa
brain-machine interface engineering,justin c. sanchez;josé carlos príncipe
bridging the gap between engineering and the global world,jennifer l. smith;shobha k. bhatia
british logic in the nineteenth century,james w. van evra;bert mosselmans;dale jacquette;joan l. richards;michael e. hobart;john woods 0001;gordon r. mcouat;maria panteki;ralph jessop;amirouche moktefi
broadband quantum cryptography,daniel j. rogers
brockmeyer,egbert dittmar;ivan krizek;peter gluchowski;michael kesselheim;ina-alexandra häger;martina reinersmann
btu cottbus - senftenberg,ali sharifi boroujerdi
budrich,susanne könig
building a better world with our information: the future of personal information management, part 3,william jones 0001
bundesministerium der verteidigung, p ii 4,ernst gerhard storm
business processes: a database perspective,daniel deutch;tova milo
buske,herbert r. masthoff;reinhold greisbach;hermann ney;jörg kindermann;johannes jaschul;marie-thérèse janot-giorgeti
buske, hamburg, germany,christine schneider
bwv, berliner wiss.-verlag,verena b. heeschen;john-christian plate;daniel gutman
böhlau,peter e. hess;wolfgang h. swoboda
bühlmann,reto t. renz
c. raltchev,christo raltchev
cad/cam of sculptured surfaces on multi-axis nc machine: the dg/k-based approach,stephen p. radzevich
campus-verlag,christoph bieber;josef wiegand;michael paetau;carsten becker 0001;arnd weber;mathias binswanger;almuth hoberg;bettina heintz;martina ritter
capstone design courses, part ii: preparing biomedical engineers for the real world,jay r. goldberg
capstone design courses: producing industry-ready biomedical engineers,jay r. goldberg
carl heymanns verlag,claudia zschoch
cartesian genetic programming,julian f. miller;wolfgang banzhaf;simon l. harding;james alfred walker;lukás sekanina;marco platzner;paul kaufmann;gul muhammad khan;taras kowaliw;nathan sorenson
case-based reasoning,beatriz lópez
case-based reasoning on images and signals,petra perner;jenny yuen;isabelle bichindaritz;leon bobrowski;juan m. corchado;tina waligora;ning xiong 0001;maria frucci;indriyati atmosukarto;olga vorobieva
causal inference in econometrics,songsak sriboonchitta;jirakom sirisrisakulchai;pathairat pastpipatkul;hung t. nguyen 0002;tonghui wang;olga kosheleva;woraphon yamaka;vladik kreinovich;kanchit suknark;somsak chanaim
centaurus-verlag-ges.,constantin thiopoulos;heike schambortski;christine roloff;klaus geyer-schäfer;stefan kurrle;matthias pierson;lars meinhardt;jürgen poppe;edmund link;karin dollhausen
centaurus-verlagsgesellschaft,hans-bernd ahrens;klaus schreier;robert dorner;thomas gerhard redecker;edwin fischer
challenges for computational intelligence,wlodzislaw duch;gerald s. guralnik;vera kurková;jürgen schmidhuber;david sheinberg;ron sun;jacek mandziuk;james a. anderson;soo-young lee;haixiang shi
challenges in computational statistics and data mining,susanne bornelöv;mohammad reza bonyadi;lászló györfi;michal draminski;marina sokolova;lukasz debowski;marcin szelag;robert a. klopotek;adam krzyzak;milosz kadzinski
challenging problems and solutions in intelligent systems,janusz kacprzyk;slawomir zadrozny;guy de tré;zbigniew nahorski;krzysztof ciesielski;dominika golunska;dominik olszewski;przemyslaw grzegorzewski;wlodek zadrozny;jacek mandziuk
chance discoveries in real world decision making,yukio ohsawa;chai quek;naohiro matsumura;edmund ming-kit lai;w. l. tung;kiyoshi kogure;larry j. leifer;yuta seo;shinichi goda;wataru sunayama
chaos modeling and control systems design,ahmad taher azar;sundarapandian vaidyanathan;sarosh h. patel;sajal k. das 0002;mohammed benidris;abdesselem boulkroune;fahmy m. bendary;rahma smaili;sara hamel;amel bouzeriba
chaos-based cryptography,ljupco kocarev;ada fort;tommaso addabbo;gonzalo álvarez;shaojiang deng;fadi almasalha;jianguo jiang;shujun li;valerio vignoli;guofu zhang
chaotic maps: dynamics, fractals, and rapid fluctuations,goong chen;yu huang 0006
children's internet search,elizabeth foss;allison druin
chronobioengineering: introduction to biological rhythms with applications, volume 1,donald mceachron
chronos,julia fleischhack
circuit analysis with multisim,félix e. guerrero-castro;david báez-lópez
cis,gerhard jäger;daniel schnorbusch
classic works of the dempster-shafer theory of belief functions,glenn shafer;arthur p. dempster;ronald r. yager;jean-yves jaffray;philippe smets;rajendra p. srivastava;jean gordon;nevin lianwen zhang;galina l. rogova;alain chateauneuf
classification and clustering for knowledge discovery,ajith abraham;kate a. smith;jeff wassertheil;romesh m. ranawana;hisao ishibuchi;eu-gene siew;siddeswara mayura guru;ravi jain;nick blagoveschensky;lionel bourdon
classification and data mining,rosanna verde;antonio balzanella;claus weihs;roberta varriale;fabrizio cipollini;gaetano de luca;pietro bertuccelli;hamparsum bozdogan;cristiana martini;piero ganugi
clear speech: technologies that enable the expression and reception of language,frank rudzicz
click models for web search,maarten de rijke;ilya markov;aleksandr chuklin
cloth simulation for computer graphics,tuur stuyck
cloud computing,anna liu;jinlei jiang;cyril onwubiko;david abramson;françoise baude;thomas fahringer;liang zhao 0009;lakshmanan;silvana muscella;nahid emad
cloud computing for logistics,bernhard holtkamp;norbert weiß;julian eggemann;maren-bianca wolf;martin böhmer;andreas nettsträter;iryna bochon;jens schoneboom;norbert weißenberg;dietmar ebel
cloud computing, 2nd ed.,josé simão;daniel de oliveira 0001;luís veiga;ian lumb;miyuru dayarathna;ioan dragan;dana petcu;ary henrique m. de oliveira;gonçalo avelar;alberto scionti
cod-verlag,henrik theiling
code division multiple access (cdma),r. michael buehrer
cognition, communication and interaction,satinder p. gill;jan o. borchers;bo göranzon;howard rosenbrock;casper bruun jensen;thomas binder;b. r. tilghman;massimo negrotti;rajesh kochhar;david smith
cognitive aspects of computational language acquisition,suzanne stevenson;afsaneh fazly;afra alishahi;anupam basu;beracah yankama;yvan rose;aida nematzadeh;dan roth;fatemeh torabi asr;christophe parisse
cognitive internet of things,huimin lu;quan zhou 0004;yuanfa ji;xiyan sun;sunyong wu;suqing yan;qiang fu;xiaohua xu;weihua ou;xin jin
collaborative web search: who, what, where, when, and why,jaime teevan;meredith ringel morris
combating bad weather part i,sudipta mukhopadhyay;abhishek kumar tripathi
combating bad weather part ii,sudipta mukhopadhyay;abhishek kumar tripathi
combinatorial optimization - methods and applications,yury kochetov;gleb a. koshevoy;jens vygen;giacomo nannicini;dieter rautenbach;bernhard korte;sanjeeb dash;leo liberti;stephan held;gérard cornuéjols
combining experimentation and theory,enric trillas;didier dubois;gil gonzález-rodríguez;daniel sánchez 0001;witold pedrycz;henri prade;marcin detyniecki;janusz kacprzyk;slawomir zadrozny;fangyan dong
common ground in electronically mediated conversation,andrew monk
communication networks: a concise introduction,jean c. walrand;shyam parekh
communications and discoveries from multidisciplinary data,ning zhong 0001;yukio ohsawa;shusaku tsumoto;yong shi;yoshiharu maeno;wen zhang;lorenzo magnani;xijin tang;kenichi horie;shigeki yokoyama
community detection and mining in social media,huan liu 0001;lei tang 0001
companion technology,susanne biundo;andreas wendemuth;ingo siegert;felix schüssel;ayoub al-hamadi;frank honold;stephan reuter;thilo hörnle;michael weber 0001;thomas geier
compatibility modeling,yinglong wang 0001;liqiang nie;xuemeng song
compiling algorithms for heterogeneous systems,steven bell;jing pu;mark horowitz;james hegarty
complex automated negotiations,takayuki ito;koen v. hindriks;catholijn m. jonker;katsuhide fujita;tim baarslag;mark klein;pinar yolum;josé cardoso;chao yu;enrico h. gerding
complex pattern mining,donato malerba;pasquale ardimento;nicola fiorentino;corrado loglisci;marta cimitile;evis trandafili;miguel couceiro;domenico potena;lorenzo von ritter;florian richter
complex system modelling and control through intelligent soft computations,sauro longhi;gianluca ippoliti;asheesh k. singh;ahmad taher azar;anupam biswas;joseph haggège;margarita díaz;wael chakchouk;miklós f. hatwágner;kieran greer
complex systems in knowledge-based environments,andreas tolk;isabel f. cruz;paulo cesar g. da costa;kathleen m. carley;saikou y. diallo;charles d. turnitsa;kurt sandkuhl;robert d. king;sylvia b. nagl;chih-chun chen 0001
component-based software development for embedded systems,wolfgang a. halang;lars grunske;hans-gerhard gross;sam michiels;angelo perkusich;wouter joosen;johan j. lukkien;m. lavender;tom mahieu;bernhard kaiser
compound semiconductor materials and devices,tongde huang;zhaojun liu;xinbo zou;qiang li 0010;xing lu
comprehensive approach as "sine qua non" for critical infrastructure protection,milan bigovic;ivanka shopova;sandro bologna;mile sikman;dejan vasovic;vesna nikolic;blaz ivanc;stojan slaveski;miroslav mares;ana rakocevic
computable models of the law, languages, dialogues, games, ontologies,radboud winkels;pompeu casanovas;nuria casellas;giovanni sartor;frank van harmelen;rossella rubino;alexander boer;fabio vitali;adrián perreau de pinninck;michel rudnianski
computational approaches to analogical reasoning,henri prade;ashok k. goel 0001;gilles richard;yves lepage;swaroop vattam;julien cojan;philippe langlais;georgi stojanov;baptiste jeudy;nelly barbot
computational approaches to assistive technologies for people with disabilities,nick cercone;kanlaya naruedomkul;booncharoen sirinaovakul;lalita narupiyakul;vlado keselj;wararat wongkia;calvin thomas;onintra poobrasert;nadh ditcharoen;puntip pattaraintakorn
computational aspects of cooperative game theory,georgios chalkiadakis;michael j. wooldridge;edith elkind
computational complexity and property testing,oded goldreich 0001;dana ron;guy n. rothblum;avi wigderson;or meir;itai benjamini;roei tell;maya leshkowitz;avishay tal;liav teichner
computational electronics,stephen marshall goodnick;dragica vasileska
computational genomic signatures,özkan u. nalbantoglu;khalid sayood
computational intelligence and bioengineering,michalis e. zervakis;celia duce;paolo rosso;pietro g. morasso;aurelio cappozzo;michail g. kounelakis;ben van calster;giorgio metta;ugo della croce;dirk timmerman
computational intelligence and efficiency in engineering systems,zenon chaczko;michael affenzeller;gabriel kronberger;stephan m. winkler;michael kommenda;robin braun;jiajia shi;bogdan burlacu;jan nikodem;lucia carrion gordon
computational intelligence and quantitative software engineering,giancarlo succi;alberto sillitti;witold pedrycz;alexander egyed;matthew patrick;ernesto damiani;nick j. pizzi;abraham kandel;roberto e. lopez-herrejon;dan e. tamir
computational intelligence applications in modeling and control,amira aloui;adel m. alimi;alfredo padilla;khaled belarbi;souad chebbi;papun biswas;anis sakly;ali selamat;philip achimugu;sanjay kumar singh
computational intelligence based on lattice theory,gerhard x. ritter;gonzalo urcid;athanasios kehagias;marcos eduardo valle;francisco guindos rojas;georgios c. anagnostopoulos;francisco x. albizuri;ioannis n. athanasiadis;vassilios petridis;vassilis g. kaburlasos
computational intelligence for agent-based systems,raymond s. t. lee;edward h. y. lim;francisco j. gonzález-castaño;hani hagras;trevor martin;e. v. krishnamurthy;vincenzo loia;hakan duman;beum-seuk lee;basim a. majeed
computational intelligence for decision support in cyber-physical systems,zeashan h. khan;azfar khalid;arindam ghosh;farhad shahnia;bo xing;aamir hussain;muhammad sheraz;vu trieu minh;soegijardjo soegijoko;ilia petrov
computational intelligence for modelling and prediction,wladyslaw homenda;witold pedrycz;dario malchiodi;dae-won kim;marcin szlenk;sadao asato;perfecto mariño;rafal scherer;pheng-ann heng;chris cornelis
computational intelligence for privacy and security,david a. elizondo;agusti solanas;antoni martínez-ballesté;esteban j. palomo;tim watson;rafael marcos luque;sulaiman al amro;michal sramka;srinivas mukkamala;alexandra psarrou
computational intelligence for semantic knowledge management,amit konar;sriparna saha 0002;salvatore esposito;loredana caruccio;antonino staiano;giuseppe polese;jorge castro;vincenzo deufemia;autilia vitiello;raciel yera
computational intelligence for technology enhanced learning,ajith abraham;fatos xhafa;ana fernández vilas;marta rey-lópez;bin hu 0001;arun s. patil;mariusz paradowski;antonello santini;philip moore 0001;gerardo toraldo
computational intelligence in automotive applications,mahmoud el-banna;anuradha kodali;yilu zhang;cesare pianese;fabien lauer;danil v. prokhorov;raj madhavan;frank rügheimer;liu qiao;tony barbera
computational intelligence in bioinformatics,tommy w. s. chow;scott f. smith 0002;raúl montañez;olli haavisto;arpad kelemen;yingjun cao;andrás kocsor;francisca sánchez-jiménez;karl tuyls;josé luis urdiales
computational intelligence in biomedicine and bioinformatics,alexander a. tyler;heitor silvério lopes;elaine rush;robert falk;vishal jain;mohamed o. elasri;jun zhang 0003;kirt m. noël;dongqing chen;christine desmedt
computational intelligence in digital forensics,debotosh bhattacharjee;azah kamilah muda;ali ismail awad;mita nasipuri;aboul ella hassanien;satrya fajri pratama;widad ismail;arnab mitra 0001;nur a. sahadun;diana porro-muñoz
computational intelligence in information assurance and security,fred piper;michael n. vrahatis;nadia nedjah;luiza de macedo mourelle;paolo mercorelli;vladik kreinovich;sangkyun kim;marina l. gavrilova;elena c. laskari;shiguo lian
computational intelligence in medical informatics,iqbal gondal;vladimir kvasnicka;jiri pospichal;marian bobrik;muhammad shoaib b. sehgal;laurence dooley;paulo c. m. gottgtroy;donghui feng;sang-hee lee;gerald sommer
computational intelligence in reliability engineering,ming jian zuo;hong-zhong huang;zhigang tian;enrico zio;luca podofillini;sofía carlos;liang tian;abdullah konak;alexander rotshtein;piotr jedrzejowicz
computational intelligence paradigms,hichem frigui;chee peng lim;frank höppner;paulo peixoto;masahiro mizuta;frank klawonn;pedro angelo morais de sousa;andy koronios;shing chiang tan;ravi jain
computational intelligence paradigms in advanced pattern classification,michael chertok;tomasz hachaj;alex graves;miroslaw trzupek;lakhmi c. jain;yosi keller;tal sobol shikler;masayuki nakajima;fadi dornaika;angel domingo sappa
computational intelligence, medicine and biology - selected links,wojciech drygas;elena zaitseva;zbigniew omiotek;tadeusz nawarycz;krzysztof pancerz;ella gale;maciej gazicki-lipman;georgios ch. sirakoulis;jeffrey davey;ioannis p. georgilas
computational intelligence: a compendium,john fulcher;yoshiteru ishida;xiuju fu;riccardo poli;dan corbett;raymond s. t. lee;rens bod;steve temple;toby h. w. lam;chris creed
computational issues in fluid construction grammar,vanessa micelli;joachim de beule;katrien beuls;martin loetzsch;kateryna gerasymova;luc steels;josefina sierra-santibáñez;sebastian höfer;remi van trijp;nancy chang
computational linguistics - applications,roman kurc;douglas tudhope;pilar león araúz;miikka silfverberg;maciej piasecki;gema ramírez;michal marcinczuk;roman yangarber;cindy tscherwinka;jakub piskorski
computational logic,jörg h. siekmann;pascal hitzler;dov m. gabbay;fairouz kamareddine;davide sangiorgi;jens lehmann 0001;christoph zengler;axel polleres;john-jules ch. meyer;steven homer
computational methods for integrating vision and language,kobus barnard
computational methods for the innovative design of electrical devices,philippe dessante;pierre vidal;xavier jannot;jean-claude vannier;slawomir wiak;krzysztof smólka;mohammed-rachid mekideche;mikhaylo v. zagirnyak;yann le bihan;dae-hyun koo
computational modeling of narrative,inderjeet mani
computational models of complex systems,vijay kumar mago;martin bouchard 0002;stephen n. robinovitch;ryan woolrych;laurent tambayong;richard frank;john mcmanus;jumi kalita;pranita sarmah;gabriel burstein
computational optimization and applications in engineering and industry,slawomir koziel;oliver kolb;simon roberts;amir hossein gandomi;fahime moein-darbari;o. hasançebi;mehmet polat saka;i. aydogdu;golnar gharooni-fard;zong woo geem
computational optimization, methods and algorithms,slawomir koziel;xin-she yang 0001;leifur þ. leifsson;david echeverría ciaurri;efrén mezura-montes;amir hossein gandomi;christian a. hochmuth;kathleen r. fowler;jörg lässig;ming-fu hsu
computational social network analysis,paola velardi;václav snásel;krzysztof rzadca;henryk krawczyk;katarzyna wegrzyn-wolska;huan liu 0001;milos kudelka;albert hupa;arnaud quirin;alessia d'andrea
computational sustainability,oliver kramer;xi chen;slawomir koziel;ulrike steiner;christian bauckhage;katharina morik;marco stolpe;stefan kramer 0001;kristian kersting;baris aksanli
computational textile,yi li 0001;ming zhang 0002;y. li;x. q. dai;jason tak-man cheung;y. l. kwok;xianyi zeng;guo-jun liao;besoa rabenasolo;ludovic koehl
computational texture and patterns,kristin j. dana
computeam,andreas szidzek;stefanie zeitz;dietmar wurst
computer algebra and polynomials,fredrik johansson 0001;ragni piene;felix breuer;manuel kauers;konstantin ziegler;maximilian jaroschek;carlos villarino;bernard parisse;joachim von zur gathen;franz winkler 0001
computer and information science,haeng-kon kim;roger y. lee;huaikou miao;wencai du;sungwon kang;danhyung lee;tokuro matsuo;gongzhu hu;toshinori deguchi;keisuke matsuno
computer architecture performance evaluation methods,lieven eeckhout
computer architecture techniques for power-efficiency,margaret martonosi;stefanos kaxiras
computer recognition systems 2,andrzej j. kasinski;jordi gonzàlez 0001;zdzislaw s. hippe;murad al haj;ariel amato;marek kurzynski;elzbieta smolka;pawel kostka;andrzej burda;leszek luchowski
computer recognition systems 3,robert koprowski;marek kurzynski;elzbieta smolka;rafal kozik;wieslawa kuniszyk-józkowiak;andrzej zolnierek;adam józwik;krzysztof siminski;juliusz l. kulikowski;emilio corchado
computer recognition systems 4,enrique guzmán;anna fabijanska;piotr augustyniak;rafal kozik;iván garcía;marcin michalak;bogdan smolka;piotr s. szczepaniak;marcin iwanowski;przemyslaw glomb
computer techniques for dynamic modeling of dc-dc power converters,farzin asadi
computer vision and shape recognition,pierre boulanger;ching y. suen;jason wu;richard c. hughes;brian v. funt;david gauthier;stephen h. y. hung;derek chi-wai pao;martin d. levine;jean-marie beaulieu
computer vision: detection, recognition and reconstruction,george vogiatzis;fei-fei li 0001;carlos hernández;thomas woodley;andrea cavallaro;roberto cipolla;andrea vedaldi;ken-ichi maeda;li-jia li;sanjiv kumar
computer-aided detection of architectural distortion in prior mammograms of interval cancer,shantanu banik;rangaraj m. rangayyan
computerization and work,ulrich briefs;john kjaer;jean-louis rigal;michael töpel;wolfgang kilian;herbert kubicek;jean-louis rigai;calvin c. gotlieb;niels bjørn-andersen;jostein fjalestad
computers in the human interaction loop,rainer stiefelhagen;nikolaos dimakis;jan kleindienst;jan curín;oswald lanz;josep r. casas;fabio pianesi;john soldatos;lazaros polymenakos;climent nadeu
computing and software science,bernhard steffen;reinhard von hanxleden;kenneth w. regan;frits w. vaandrager;robert a. legenstein;bettina speckmann;falk howar;martin gronemann;rajeev alur;alastair f. donaldson
computing with social trust,jennifer golbeck;raph levien;nolan miller;paolo avesani;ugur kuter;pamela briggs;rino falcone;paul resnick;jean-marc seigneur;cristiano castelfranchi
conceptual models,jeff a. johnson;austin henderson
concise introduction to cement chemistry and manufacturing,tadele assefa aragaw
configuring user-designer relations,mark rouncefield;rob procter;mark hartswood;alex voss;roger slack;monika büscher;david b. martin 0001;neil pollock;michael christensen 0002;sampsa hyysalo
consensual processes,jie lu 0001;josé luis garcía-lapresta;llorenç roselló;guangquan zhang 0001;amparo m. mármol;dinko dimitrov;zeshui xu;todd easton;rosa m. rodríguez;anna popova
constraint handling rules,tom schrijvers;bart demoen;pieter wuille;jacques robin;maurizio gabbrielli;jon sneyers;paolo tacchella;leslie de koninck;jairson vitorino;henning christiansen 0001
constraint programming and decision making,vladik kreinovich;martine ceberio;olga kosheleva;tanja magoc;laura painton swiler;herbert lee;germán jairo hernández;james e. raynolds;jaroslav horácek;misha koshelev
constructing knowledge art,simon buckingham shum;albert m. selvin
constructive neural networks,david a. elizondo;josé m. jerez;leonardo franco;andrés pérez-uribe;maria do carmo nicoletti;marco tomassini;joão roberto bertini jr.;ralph birkenhead;martin anthony;mario a. góngora
consumer depth cameras for computer vision,kate saenko;michael j. black;joachim hornegger;furkan kiraç;gaurav bharaj;liefeng bo;david a. hirshberg;lale akarun;pierre moulin;dieter fox
content-based retrieval of medical images: landmarking, indexing, and relevance feedback,rangaraj m. rangayyan;paulo mazzoncini de azevedo marques
context aware human-robot and human-agent interaction,nadia magnenat-thalmann;daniel thalmann;junsong yuan;zerrin yumak;yang xiao;ig-jae kim;hui liang;kai wu 0005;sung-hee lee;justin dauwels
context-aware mobile computing,geri gay
context-enhanced information fusion,jesús garcía 0001;erik blasch;james llinas;lauro snidaro;vincent nimier;wolfgang koch 0001;galina l. rogova;haibin ling;alan n. steinberg;nikolay shilov
contextual analysis of videos,myo thida;how-lung eng
contextual design: evolved,hugh r. beyer;karen holtzblatt
contributions to ubiquitous computing,wolfgang a. halang;zhong li 0001;ping li 0022;bernd j. krämer;zhong li;yusuf öztürk;jianguo ding;luciano baresi;yi zhao;wolfgang emmerich
control grid motion estimation for efficient application of optical flow,david h. frakes;christine m. zwart
control problems in robotics,hiroyuki kawai;shintaro izoe;jacopo piazzi;oussama khatib;blake hannaford;eric klavins;carl van geem;noah john cowan;jee-hwan ryu;florent lamiraux
control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part i,mathukumalli vidyasagar
control system synthesis: a factorization approach, part ii,mathukumalli vidyasagar
controlling energy demand in mobile computing systems,carla schlatter ellis
cooperative robots and sensor networks,maissa ben jamâa;ubirajara f. moreno;yasir kayani;luis almeida;wencen wu;dongsik chang;alex r. pinto;bernardo ordoñez;leandro buss becker;m. bernardine dias
core-task design,paula savioja;hanna koskinen;leena norros
counterterrorism and open source intelligence,uffe kock wiil;jon g. rokne;reda alhajj;nasrullah memon;sarwat nizamani;shang gao 0005;paulo shakarian;alexander gutfraind;khaled dawoud;robert david steele
covariances in computer vision and machine learning,ha quang minh;vittorio murino
crafting your research future,charles x. ling;qiang yang 0001
createspace independent publishing,benjamin biegel 0001
createspace independent publishing platform,fabian beck 0001;rainer lutz
creating autonomous vehicle systems,liyun li;shuang wu;jean-luc gaudiot;jie tang 0003;shaoshan liu
creating brain-like intelligence,olaf sporns;eiji uchibe;matthew howard 0001;frank w. ohl;jochen j. steil;heiko wersing;hiroshi tsujino;gerhard sagerer;osamu shouno;robert haschke
creative environments,andrzej p. wierzbicki;yoshiteru nakamori;hongtao ren;jing tian;hiroe tsubaki;saori kawasaki;van-nam huynh;naotaka kato;zbigniew król;wieslaw traczyk
critical infrastructure protection,stephen d. wolthusen;andreas lumbe aas;paolo cuccia;rajni goel;fernando carvajal;ying qian;stig ole johnsen;andrea servida;massimiliano raciti;mark hartong
critical infrastructure protection against hybrid warfare security related challenges,anke schmidt-felzmann;henrik bliddal;drazen zgaljic;gianni cuozzo;edoardo camilli;elina lange ionatamishvili;daniel s. hamilton;matej plenca;liviu lazar;gianluca baldassarre
cross disciplinary biometric systems,chengjun liu;zhiming liu 0002;angelo genovese;vincenzo piuri;fabio scotti;jiayu gu;abhishek verma;sugata banerji;matteo ferrara;shuo chen 0007
cross-language information retrieval,jian-yun nie
cross-lingual word embeddings,sebastian ruder;ivan vulic;manaal faruqui;anders søgaard
cs press,manfred schramm;michael greiner;bernd seestaedt;jörg sievert;klaus bergner;maximilian j. moser
current trends in theoretical computer science,hartmut ehrig;juris hartmanis;yuri gurevich;arto salomaa;richard chang;pankaj rohatgi;joseph a. goguen;desh ranjan;herbert edelsbrunner;p. s. subramanian
customizable computing,yu-ting chen;glenn reinman;michael gill;jason cong;bingjun xiao
cuvillier,uwe laubenstein;wilfred githuka gikaru;stefan kempf 0002;sören striepe;bernd hauck;alexander schmidt 0001;thomas zeggel;lucas rêgo drumond;jan kautz;peter dauscher
cuvillier verlag,andre hanelt;marco oster;sebastian kehr;miriam mathea;andré kohn;friederike schneemann;florian volk;andreas landau;andré busche;kay büttner
cw-publikationen,manfred fornfeist
cyber defense and situational awareness,alexander kott;robert f. erbacher;shanchieh jay yang;jared holsopple;cliff wang;yi cheng;moises sudit;jason h. li;alessandro oltramari;jakub j. moskal
cyber foraging: bridging mobile and cloud computing,jason flinn
cyber security and resiliency policy framework,eric braman;konstantin papatheodorou;philip susmann;aleksandar risteski;galit m. ben-israel;amir husic;mitko bogdanoski;ashok vaseashta;cvetko andreeski;zlatogor minchev
cyber situational awareness,jason h. li;peng liu 0005;george p. tadda;peng ning;sushil jajodia;matt fredrikson;marc dacier;john yen;thomas g. dietterich;somesh jha
cyber warfare,christopher kiekintveld;ciara sibley;rami puzis;samuel n. hamilton;myriam abramson;geoffrey moores;paul hyden;kristin e. heckman;sanjay goel;viliam lisý
cyber-physical systems of systems,bernhard frömel;sorin m. iacob;francesco brancati;hermann kopetz;andrea ceccarelli;arun babu;marco mori;oliver höftberger;andrea bondavalli;sara bouchenak
cyberparks,paschalis arvanitidis;carlos smaniotto costa;therese kenna;konstantinos ioannidis;petja ivanova-radovanova;marluci menezes;georgios artopoulos;gabriela maksymiuk;jugoslav jokovic;ina suklje erjavec
cybersecurity systems for human cognition augmentation,robinson e. pino;jonathan williams 0002;kevin nelson;guobin xu;brandon froberg;leonid i. perlovsky;youngok k. pino;george corbin;olexander shevchenko;linqiang ge
cybertherapy,giuseppe riva;mariano alcañiz;enrico molinari;cristina botella;francesca morganti;josé antonio lozano;azucena garcía-palacios;marco villamira;andrea gaggioli;beatriz rey
czwalina,rüdiger preiss
dababase replication,ricardo jiménez-peris;bettina kemme;marta patiño-martínez
data analysis and decision support,reinhold decker;daniel baier;tadashi imaizumi;nils raabe;mark yuhn;m. limam;harald hruschka;lars schmidt-thieme;shuangzhe liu;henning paul
data association for multi-object visual tracking,zheng wu;margrit betke
data cleaning: a practical perspective,venkatesh ganti;anish das sarma
data exploration using example-based methods,matteo lissandrini;yannis velegrakis;davide mottin;themis palpanas
data integration: the relational logic approach,michael r. genesereth
data management in machine learning systems,matthias boehm 0001;jun yang 0001;arun kumar
data management in the cloud,divyakant agrawal;amr el abbadi;sudipto das
data mining,lutz hamel;traian marius truta;yannick le bras;marko sarstedt;brian la cour;robert stahlbock;sven f. crone;giovanni felici;gary m. weiss;scott ryan
data mining and constraint programming,barry o'sullivan;lars kotthoff;tias guns;barry hurley 0001;christian bessiere;helmut simonis;luc de raedt;siegfried nijssen;dino pedreschi;mirco nanni
data mining and market intelligence,mustapha akinkunmi
data mining for business applications,carlos soares;thierry van de merckt;michael may 0001;teemu mutanen;vera figueiredo;tilmann bruckhaus;luís torgo;christine körner;jochen hipp;aaron ceglar
data mining for social network data,hsinchun chen;negar koochakzadeh;kikuo yuta;bruno pouliquen;randy goebel;jiyang chen;yutaka i. leon-suematsu;osmar r. zaïane;keivan kianmehr;jörg sander 0001
data mining: foundations and practice,jerzy w. grzymala-busse;justin zhijun zhan;li-shiang tsay;chun-hao chen;liwu chang;tzung-pei hong;vincent s. tseng;ernestina menasalvas ruiz;shusaku tsumoto;lawrence j. mazlack
data processing on fpgas,louis woods;jens teubner
data profiling,thorsten papenbrock;felix naumann;ziawasch abedjan;lukasz golab
data protection from insider threats,elisa bertino
data representations, transformations, and statistics for visual reasoning,ross maciejewski
data science and classification,yves lechevallier;vladimir makarenkov;francisco de a. t. de carvalho;rosanna verde;claus weihs;klaus frieler;ralf wagner 0001;natasa kejzar;nils raabe;lucile denoeud
data science in cybersecurity and cyberthreat intelligence,paulo shakarian;malay shah;igor saenko;james jin kang;leslie f. sikos;bo sun;igor v. kotenko;mike johnstone;tatsuya mori;gerardo i. simari
data security for health care (1),gerrit bleumer;stefaan callens;stephen king;peter w. sanders;j. dubbeldam;henk van dorp;erik flikkenschild;dimitris gritzalis;ahmed patel;matthew j. warren
data stream management,m. tamer özsu;lukasz golab
data streams - models and algorithms,charu c. aggarwal;philip s. yu;jianyong wang;rajeev motwani 0001;mayur datar;jiawei han 0001;shonali krishnaswamy;junyi xie;ambuj k. singh;yandong cai
data traffic monitoring and analysis,fabio ricciato;angelo coluccia;alessandro d'alconzo;michel mandjes;eduardo cerqueira;tobias hoßfeld;piotr zuraniewski;raimund schatz;pedro m. santiago del río;stefano giordano
data-centric business and applications,lech madeyski;agnieszka chodorek;aleksander gorka;pawel piotrowski;michal kedziora;hanna grodzicka;joanna ochelska-mierzejewska;zofia lakomiak;kamil rybinski;michal kawa
data-intensive text processing with mapreduce,chris dyer;jimmy j. lin
data-intensive workflow management,esther pacitti;ji liu 0003;daniel c. m. de oliveira
database anonymization,david sánchez 0001;jordi soria-comas;josep domingo-ferrer
database repairing and consistent query answering,leopoldo e. bertossi
datacenter design and management,benjamin c. lee
datakontext-fachverlag,frank stoll;berndt schlemann
ddd,walter lang;ulrich körber;birgit reeb
de gruyter,dennis spohr;robert laurence baber;dietmar freiburg;michael wollnik;uta fröhlich;günter becker;jörg sydow;annelen brunner;helene schmolz;waldemar urbanek
de gruyter mouton,karina frick
de gruyter oldenbourg,lukas könig;daniela simic-draws
decidability of parameterized verification,ayrat khalimov;swen jacobs;helmut veith;josef widder;roderick bloem;igor konnov 0001;sasha rubin
decision making,pablo gómez esteban;dietlind zühlke;sergiy pereverzyev jr.;miroslav kárný;alessandra lintas;gernoth grunst;michel bader;stephen j. roberts;alessandro e. p. villa;sarah k. mesrobian
decision making and imperfection,pablo gómez esteban;edwin simpson;miroslav kárný;david ríos insua;javier g. rázuri;arfon m. smith;alessandra lintas;marina fiori;ritchie lee;lav r. varshney
decision support - an examination of the dss discipline,gerald r. wagner;frada burstein;meira levy;paul gray;jeremy k. hodges;jay f. nunamaker jr.;james b. pick;carol a. kolga;shamual f. rahaman;ziad kobti
decision support for global enterprises,ramesh sharda;edward bernroider;daniel j. power;william yeoh 0002;lutfus sayeed;atreyi kankanhalli;yen-ching ouyang;johann mitlöhner;anuradha mathrani;sanjiv d. vaidya
decision tree and ensemble learning based on ant colony optimization,jan kozak
decker und müller,heinz w. kloos
deductive software verification,richard bubel;reiner hähnle;daniel grahl;peter h. schmitt;martin hentschel 0002;wolfgang ahrendt;mattias ulbrich;christoph scheben;benjamin weiß 0001;wojciech mostowski
deep learning and convolutional neural networks for medical image computing,ronald m. summers;le lu 0001;jianhua yao;holger r. roth;gustavo carneiro;yefeng zheng;lin yang 0002;fuyong xing;dorin comaniciu;bogdan georgescu
deep web query interface understanding and integration,eduard c. dragut;weiyi meng;clement t. yu
deimling,rainer mantz
demystifying owl for the enterprise,michael uschold
dep. of geography, univ.,francesco holecz
dependable software systems engineering,rajeev alur;alexander pretschner;bernd finkbeiner;patrice godefroid;jakub daniel;elizabeth i. leonard;konstantinos mamouras;rastislav bodík;axel van lamsweerde;simon foster 0001
dependency parsing,sandra kübler;joakim nivre;ryan t. mcdonald
der andere verlag,adrian von dem knesebeck;robert selk;sven hartrumpf;christian miller;mirko meuter;lukas pustina;stefan kupferschmid;alexander czutro;eva kluge;dennis müller 0002
design and advanced robust chassis dynamics control for x-by-wire unmanned ground vehicle,jibin hu;changle xiang;jun ni 0003
design and development of radio frequency identification (rfid) and rfid-enabled sensors on flexible low cost substrates,manos m. tentzeris;amin rida;li yang
design and the digital divide,alan f. newell
design of intelligent systems based on fuzzy logic, neural networks and nature-inspired optimization,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;fevrier valdez;mario garcía valdez;claudia gómez santillán;laura cruz reyes;héctor joaquín fraire huacuja;roberto sepúlveda;eduardo fernández 0002;juan martín carpio valadez
design of reconfigurable antennas using graph models,youssef tawk;christos g. christodoulou;joseph costantine
design, representations, and processing for additive manufacturing,amit h. bermano;marco livesu;marco attene;szymon rusinkiewicz;sylvain lefebvre 0001;jonàs martínez;thomas a. funkhouser;stefano ellero
designed technologies for healthy aging,claudia beatriz rébola
designing and evaluating usable technology in industrial research,john karat;clare-marie karat
designing asynchronous circuits using null convention logic (ncl),jia di;scott c. smith
designing development: case study of an international education and outreach program,aditya johri;akshay sharma
designing for digital reading,harold w. thimbleby;jennifer s. pearson;george buchanan
designing for the user experience in learning systems,evangelos kapros;muriel garreta domingo;renaat frans;michael-brian ogawa;fotini simistira;branden ogata;jan stelovsky;pilar orero;davinia hernández-leo;elaine hoter
designing for user engagement,alistair sutcliffe 0002
designing information spaces,paul p. maglio;andreas dieberger;wendy a. kellogg;alan munro;robert spence;per persson;monika büscher;rob barrett;rickard cöster;paul dourish
designing socially embedded technologies in the real-world,david randall;volker wulf;markus latzina;kjeld schmidt;giorgio de michelis;jörg beringer;yvonne dittrich;roland buchner;david wilfinger;olav w. bertelsen
despeckle filtering algorithms and software for ultrasound imaging,constantinos s. pattichis;christos p. loizou
despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume i, second edition,constantinos s. pattichis;christos p. loizou
despeckle filtering for ultrasound imaging and video, volume ii, second edition,constantinos s. pattichis;christos p. loizou
desy,thomas tomkos
detection and identification of rare audiovisual cues,jörn anemüller;tomás pajdla;daphna weinshall;jan heller;frank w. ohl;jörg-hendrik bach;luc van gool;barbara caputo;michal havlena;stefan wabnik
detert,sebastian meyer 0006
deubner,hinrich höft
deutsch,raphael ritz;josef deppisch;christian w. eurich;jan c. vorbrüggen;alexander fischer;sonja grün;dominik r. dersch;wolfram erlhagen;peter thormann;thomas villmann
deutscher universitäts-verlag,georg schneider 0002;felix grimm
deutsches elektronen-synchrotron desy,mehmet özgür sahin
developing embedded software using davinci & omap technology,b. i. pawate
development and analysis of deep learning architectures,janis zickfeld;s. jagannathan;salvatore graziani;shamim ahmed;mutlu avci;v. a. samaranayake;andrew johnston;angjelo marku;yi shi 0001;raghavan krishnan
dft-domain based single-microphone noise reduction for speech enhancement,timo gerkmann;jesper jensen 0001;richard c. hendriks
diaphanes,sebastian vehlken
dictionary learning in visual computing,baoxin li;qiang zhang 0021
die-stacking architecture,yuan xie 0001;jishen zhao
die-verlag schäfer,martin g. möhrle
differential privacy,weining yang;dong su;min lyu;ninghui li
diffusion source localization in large networks,kai zhu;lei ying
digital control in power electronics,simone buso;paolo mattavelli
digital control in power electronics, 2nd edition,simone buso;paolo mattavelli
digital forensic science,vassil roussev
digital heritage reconstruction using super-resolution and inpainting,manjunath v. joshi;milind g. padalkar;nilay l. khatri
digital human modeling,yang cai 0002;guillaume milcent;sven fuchs;mark gasson;zhuming ai;kevin warwick;rita stagni;line c. pouchard;ryan magargle;eric j. marshall
digital image processing for ophthalmology,rangaraj m. rangayyan;anna l. ells;faraz oloumi;xiaolu zhu
digital libraries applications,jonathan leidig;edward a. fox
digital library technologies,ricardo da silva torres;edward a. fox
digital privacy - prime,ronald leenes;siani pearson;eleni kosta;jan camenisch;dieter sommer;marit hansen;bart priem;marco casassa mont;aleksandra kuczerawy;tobias kölsch
digital system verification: a combined formal methods and simulation framework,mitchell a. thornton;lun li
diplomica gmbh,thomas mundt
disaster robotics,satoshi tadokoro;hiroshi g. okuno;yoshiaki bando;fumitoshi matsuno;kiyohiro hioki;masashi konyo;shingo ozaki;tetsuya kimura;fumio kanehiro;toshi takamori
discrimination and privacy in the information society,toon calders;tal z. zarsky;bart custers;salvatore ruggieri;bart w. schermer;indre zliobaite;faisal kamiran;sicco verwer;bart van der sloot;jan-kees schakel
discriminative learning for speech recognition,xiaodong he 0001;li deng 0001
diss.-verlag ng-kopierladen,stephan rinck;claudia hattensperger;peter braun 0001;peter tigges;hubert ertl;annette schreiber;klaus heien;jiadong shen;alexander pfaffinger;thomas treml
disserta verlag,roman roor
disserta-verlag,sebastian gieselmann
dissertation.de,stefan stille;claudia wenzel;rein suadamara;olaf zimmermann;cornelia boles;gordon guth;anja fleischer;jürgen kropp;reimar hofmann;james m. hogan
distributed computing by mobile entities,maria potop-butucaru;giuseppe antonio di luna;jurek czyzowicz;evangelos kranakis;giuseppe prencipe;shantanu das 0001;paola flocchini;kostantinos georgiou;nicola santoro;giovanni viglietta
distributed computing pearls,gadi taubenfeld
distributed graph coloring: fundamentals and recent developments,leonid barenboim;michael elkin
distributed network structure estimation using consensus methods,sai zhang;mahesh k. banavar;cihan tepedelenlioglu;andreas spanias
distributed user interfaces,pedro gonzález villanueva;maría dolores lozano;josé a. gallud;hans-christian jetter;mohamed bourimi;harald reiterer;victor m. ruiz penichet;dogan kesdogan;sophie lepreux;sébastien kubicki
diversity in visualization,kelly gaither;ron metoyer
dlg-verlag,frank gunnar henrich;norbert wilhelm lang
domain adaptation in computer vision applications,kate saenko;gabriela csurka;tinne tuytelaars;antonio m. lópez 0001;boqing gong;david vázquez;jose luis gomez;germán ros;florent perronnin;jiaolong xu
domain decomposition methods in science and engineering xx,martin j. gander;xiao-chuan cai;ludmil t. zikatanov;robert scheichl;marcus sarkis;laurence halpern;alexandros markopoulos;olaf steinbach;tomás kozubek;tomás brzobohatý
donat,franz stuber
dot-verlag,hajo drott
double-grid finite-difference frequency-domain (dg-fdfd) method for scattering from chiral objects,veysel demir;erdogan alkan;atef z. elsherbeni
dr. hut,tobias gehrke;carsten grenz;andre schmeißer;ralph gerbig;paul baumann;simon bogner;philipp mock;mathias weber 0001;kristof unterweger;mahesh venkata krishna
dsv-media-verlag,axel zimmermann 0001;mark-tell schneider
dt. anwaltverl.,tassilo schiffer
dt. fachverl.,martin roswag;hans-hermann hermann
dt. gemeindeverl.,volker schepers
dt. studien-verlag,uwe kosa;christoph sczesny
dt. univ.-verl., wiesbaden, germany,ingrid rügge;ralf hofmann
dt. univ.-verlag,marc derungs;stefan bock;andreas lenz;dennis kraft;ludger eversmann;lothar beyer;astrid holste;karl dübon;jörg strübing;sabine a. einwiller
dt. verkehrs-verlag,anette schmidt
dt. wiss.-verl.,isabelle côté
dt. wiss.-verlag,zhongdong zhang
duncker & humblot,alexander schmid;samira tief;michael marc maisch;daniel müller;thorsten hennrich;christian ulbrich;sebastian rogge;robert elixmann;holger greve
duncker u. humblot,magdalena hirschberger-vogel;thomas griese;gabriele waniorek;christine dörner;verena ehrlicher;thomas lenk;walburga kullmann
duncker und humblot,margit langer;lutz hildebrandt;patrick g. mayer;guy fournier;vanessa géczy-sparwasser;grigorios g. lazarakos;holger poppenhäger;ulricke ackemann;bernd heinrich;kerstin schröder
dup,johann-mattis list
duv,stefan morschheuser;martin schröder 0002;guido gryczan;michael nietsch;martin kießwetter;ulrike schumann-giesler;michael koch 0001;susanne van mulken;michael unterstein;albert zündorf
duv, dt. univ.-verlag,martin wind;christoph baron;heinz linß;klaus zeppenfeld;thorsten georg;tom rüdebusch;dirk krampe;carola eschenbach;günter schindler;martin zimmermann 0005
dynamic binary modification: tools, techniques, and applications,kim m. hazelwood
dynamic business process formation for instant virtual enterprises,paul grefen;nikolay mehandjiev;santi ristol;iain duncan stalker;alex norta;rik eshuis;kurt fessl;martin carpenter;christian stary;georgios kouvas
dynamic speech models,li deng 0001
dynamic stability and control of tripped and untripped vehicle rollover,jingxuan li;zhilin jin;bin li
dynamics and control of dc-dc converters,farzin asadi;kei eguchi
e-commerce security and privacy,richard a. kemmerer;mikhail j. atallah;michiharu kudo;hongxue wang;sushil jajodia;brad arkin;marc d. goodman;julia brande earp;anup k. ghosh;vijay varadharajan
e-learning paradigms and applications,goce armenski;alexandra rusu;hans-dieter burkhard;petar c. spalevic;marjan gusev;monika domanska;karsten menzel;ivan z. milentijevic;monica vladoiu;kristijan kuk
e-service intelligence,wolfgang a. halang;jie lu 0001;xia wang;guangquan zhang 0001;tharam s. dillon;yi zhao;masoud nikravesh;sim kim lau;zhaohao sun;claudio cifarelli
e. schmidt,kurt bienert
echord++,jesus-pablo gonzalez;daniel serrano;marcel soler;francesca cecchi;jaume gibert;ferran roure;carles bosch;michele focchi;javier varela;salvatore pirozzi
econometrics of risk,songsak sriboonchitta;jirakom sirisrisakulchai;komsan suriya;niwattisaiwong seksiri;kittawit autchariyapanitkul;hung t. nguyen 0002;hien d. tran;sumate pruekruedee;somsak chanaim;tonghui wang
economics of information security,rachel greenstadt;alessandro acquisti;esther gal-or;george cybenko;ferdinando cerbone;anindya ghose;stephen lewis;mauro sandrini;lawrence a. gordon;bruce schneier
ed. sigma,gudrun trautwein-kalms;werner beuschel;bettina schmitt
edition dr. stein, wiku verlag,erich heumüller
efficient approximation and online algorithms,thomas erlebach;foto n. afrati;eric angel;christos kaklamanis;giuseppe persiano;klaus jansen;jirí fiala 0001;martin skutella;anand srivastav;roberto solis-oba
efficient quadrature rules for illumination integrals: from quasi monte carlo to bayesian monte carlo,ricardo marques;christian bouville;kadi bouatouch;luís paulo santos
egc (best of volume),marc boullé;michel buffa;fabien gandon;emeric prouteau;djamel abdelkader zighed;mustapha lebbah;dominique gay;elsa negre;julien rabatel;sylvie guillaume
elastic shape analysis of three-dimensional objects,ian h. jermyn;hamid laga;sebastian kurtek;anuj srivastava
electrification of heavy-duty construction vehicles,yanjun huang;amir khajepour;chuan hu;hong wang 0014
electromagnetic scattering using the iterative multiregion technique,veysel demir;atef z. elsherbeni;mohamed al-sharkawy
electromagnetics and antenna optimization using taguchi's method,fan yang;atef elsherbeni;wei-chung weng
electronically scanned arrays,robert j. mailloux
ellipse fitting for computer vision,yasushi kanazawa;kenichi kanatani;yasuyuki sugaya
elwert,franz-josef kockler;axel benning;wolfram viefhues;martin gitzinger;matthias kraft;susanne brinkhoff;markus ruffing 0001;frank krüger 0002
embedded flash memory for embedded systems,hideto hidaka;tomoya saito;antonino conte;alex kotov;francesco la rosa;alfonso maurelli;takashi ito;hieu van tran;ken matsubara;vipin tiwari
embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part i,steven f. barrett
embedded systems design with the atmel avr microcontroller: part ii,steven f. barrett
embedded systems design with the texas instruments msp432 32-bit processor,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett;dung dang
embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller i: assembly language programming,douglas h. summerville
embedded systems interfacing for engineers using the freescale hcs08 microcontroller ii: digital and analog hardware interfacing,douglas h. summerville
emergent intelligence of networked agents,kensuke fukuda;toshiharu sugawara;akira namatame;satoshi kurihara;toshio hirotsu;shin-ya sato;masayuki ohta;zhixing huang;syuji miyazaki;itsuki noda
emergent web intelligence,shotaro akaho;kôiti hasida;césar cruz-hernández;suhail s. j. owais;noriaki izumi;donn morrison;ahmed k. elmagarmid;rosa martha lópez-gutiérrez;james j. gardner;uzay kaymak
emerging artificial intelligence applications in computer engineering,ilias maglogiannis;john soldatos;manolis wallace;phivos mylonas;kostas karpouzis;evaggelos spyrou;stefanos d. kollias;vasant g. honavar;viktor medvedev;george panayiotakis
emerging trends in the evolution of service-oriented and enterprise architectures,alfred zimmermann;matthias wißotzki;eman el-sheikh;rainer schmidt 0001;arthur b. baskin;kurt sandkuhl;michael möhring;john w. coffey;christian m. schweda;hasan koç
emotion modeling,samuel mascarenhas;ana paiva;gert jan hofstede;juan miguel garcía-gómez;virginia dignum;adrián bresó;peter h. m. p. roelofsma;adrie j. m. beulens;frank dignum;juan martínez-miranda
emotions and personality in personalized services,andrej kosir;ante odic;marco de gemmis;marko tkalcic;neal lathia;michal kosinski;hsin-min wang;marius kaminskas;matevz pesek;li chen
empirische pädagogik e.v.,winfried krieger 0002
empowering professional teaching in engineering,john heywood
emt,stephan ester
enabling optical internet with advanced network technologies,víctor lópez;javier aracil;georgios zervas;franco callegati;kyriakos vlachos;reza nejabati;xavi masip;harald øverby;marc de leenheer;achille pattavina
encounters with hci pioneers,ben shneiderman
end user development,volker wulf;markus klann;fabio paternò;henry lieberman;daniela fogli;richard van de sluis;piero mussio;clarisse sieckenius de souza;olle lindeberg;markus won
energy-efficient scheduling under delay constraints for wireless networks,murtaza zafer;eytan modiano;randall berry
engelhardt und bauer,carsten bieser
engineering and management of it-based service systems,jorge marx gómez;rafael a. gonzalez;francisco cervantes-pérez;alexandra pomares quimbaya;leonardo garrido;rüdiger zarnekow;roberto pérez lópez de castro;inty sáez mosquera;olga milena garcía;dario londoño
engineering and social justice,donna riley
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part i,caroline a. baillie;george d. catalano
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part ii,caroline a. baillie;george d. catalano
engineering and society: working towards social justice, part iii,caroline a. baillie;george d. catalano
engineering and sustainable community development,jon a. leydens;juan c. lucena;jen schneider
engineering and war: militarism, ethics, institutions, alternatives,ethan blue;dean nieusma;michael levine
engineering dependable software systems,giles reger;kim g. larsen;stefania gnesi;corina s. pasareanu;axel legay;richard f. paige;manfred broy;axel van lamsweerde;klaus havelund;uli fahrenberg
engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth,george d. catalano
engineering ethics: peace, justice, and the earth, second edition,george d. catalano
engineering evolutionary intelligent systems,witold pedrycz;sung-kwun oh;kiruthika ramanathan;sheng uei guan;antonia azzini;urszula markowska-kaczmar;jeff achtnig;bernabé dorronsoro;andrea tettamanzi;ian dempsey
engineering principles in everyday life for non-engineers,saeed benjamin niku
engineering secure future internet services and systems,marianne busch;maritta heisel;ilaria matteucci;bjørnar solhaug;francesca lonetti;kristian beckers;ketil stølen;eda marchetti;nora koch;antonia bertolino
engineering thermodynamics and 21st century energy problems,donna riley
engineering, poverty, and the earth,george d. catalano
engineering: women and leadership,corri zoli;valerie j. davidson;shobha k. bhatia;kelly rusch
engineers engaging community: water and energy,andrea gaynor;stephen dobbs;gregory crebbin;carolyn oldham
engineers for korea,kyonghee han;gary lee downey
engineers within a local and global society,caroline a. baillie
engineers, society, and sustainability,sarah bell
enhanced living environments,rossitza goleva;vladimir trajkovik;saso koceski;petre lameski;eftim zdravevski;oliver mladenovski;mara pudane;emmanouela vogiatzaki;lorenzo chiari;maria liubomirova spasova
enhancing cryptographic primitives with techniques from error correcting codes,stefan m. dodunekov;bart preneel;gregor leander;yuliang zheng;henk van tilborg;stela zhelezova;yuri l. borissov;agnes andics;tor helleseth;nikolai l. manev
enke,martin kurthen
ensemble methods in data mining,giovanni seni;john f. elder iv
ensembles in machine learning applications,terry windeatt;petia radeva;oriol pujol;juan j. rodríguez diez;elena casiraghi;evgueni n. smirnov;alex aussem;eugene tuv;matteo re;david p. crabb
entity resolution in the web of data,kostas stefanidis;vasilis efthymiou;vassilis christophides
epistemology versus ontology,erik palmgren;dag prawitz;michael rathjen;thierry coquand;jouko a. väänänen;wilfried sieg;jan m. smith;peter dybjer;william w. tait;steven awodey
epodium,iris cseke
epos music,arne bense
epsilon-verlag,andreas gregori
epubli,kai ide;nicole bandow;lukas rybok;kent kwee;claudio fantinuoli;moritz becker;kevin müller;biao wang 0001;florian benjamin müller;tobias wüchner
epubli gmbh,sophie ahrens;marco winkler;michael menzel 0003;fabian dany;brendan erler;sven herpig;dieter klaudt;dennis thom;corinna vehlow
ergon verlag,anna neumaier
ergonomia,marc landau
erich schmidt,alfred huber;kurt b. bellmann;joachim e. röss;werner knetsch;barbara kirchberg-lennartz;marcus collardin;michael klotz;roman r. laczkovich;wolfgang zillessen;jens knoop
ernst,werner schobbe
esprint-verlag,karl-heinz certa
essential principles for autonomous robotics,henry hexmoor
essential speech and language technology for dutch,catia cucchiarini;peter spyns;gertjan van noord;gosse bouma;gerrit bloothooft;maarten de rijke;henk van den heuvel;jan odijk;kris demuynck;véronique hoste
essentials of applied mathematics for engineers and scientists,robert g. watts
essentials of applied mathematics for scientists and engineers,robert g. watts
essentials of game theory: a concise multidisciplinary introduction,yoav shoham;kevin leyton-brown
estimating the query difficulty for information retrieval,elad yom-tov;david carmel
estimation of cortical connectivity in humans: advanced signal processing techniques,fabio babiloni;laura astolfi
eth zurich, zürich, verlag der fachvereine, switzerland,andreas diener
ethics for bioengineers,monique frize
eul,carolina catrin schnitzler;susanne müller;hartmut herper;fan bai;thomas werhahn;wolfgang güttler;bernd rosenstengel;jörg schlüchtermann;christian gans;karoline simonitsch
eul verlag,raphaela saitz;sixten schockert
eul, germany,michael a. curth
euroc,anne jan van der meer;fabrizio caccavale;ander iriondo;artur pereira;pascal becker;andrea tudico;francisco javier perez-grau;zachary taylor;nuno lau;giuseppe fogliazza
eurotrans-verlag,jörg obenauf;harald nase;richard guertler;rudolf aunkofer
eusl,anja welsch
evaluating user experience in games,regina bernhaupt;manfred tscheligi;eduardo h. calvillo gámez;heather desurvire;jurek kirakowski;göte nyman;graham mcallister;philippe lemay;paul a. cairns;michael haller
evolution of telecommunication services,noël crespi;antonio manzalini;thomas magedanz;julius müller;roberto minerva;corrado moiso;thomas michael bohnert;matthieu boussard;jiri kuthan;luc le beller
evolutionary algorithms and chaotic systems,ivan zelinka;donald davendra;guanrong chen;sergej celikovský;ales raidl;hendrik richter 0001;wolfgang a. halang;zhong li 0001;mohammed chadli;ping li 0022
evolutionary based solutions for green computing,qinru qiu;makoto takizawa 0001;ayan banerjee;ionut anghel;amlan ganguly;ayse k. coskun;alexander kipp;dan chen 0001;alisher aikebaire;lizhe wang
evolutionary computation in dynamic and uncertain environments,shengxiang yang;erik d. goodman;yaochu jin;wei shyy;hai huong dam;martin schmidt 0001;bernhard sendhoff;qing ling;yolanda mack;geraldo robson mateus
evolutionary computation in practice,lawrence davis;tina yu;ronald c. averill;jeff potter;daphna buchsbaum;adele e. howe;bernhard sendhoff;l. darrell whitley;steven manos;jörn mehnen
evolutionary design of intelligent systems in modeling, simulation and control,oscar castillo 0001;antonio rodríguez díaz;patricia melin;roberto sepúlveda;luis t. aguilar;oscar montiel;dora-luz flores;ricardo martínez-soto;carelia gaxiola;arnulfo alanis garza
evolutionary scheduling,ruhul a. sarker;yew-soon ong;d. k. liu;biagio turchiano;ek peng chew;rhydian lewis;josé antonio vázquez rodríguez;p. j. turner;leticia c. cagnina;p. sriyanyong
evolvable hardware,andy m. tyrrell;martin a. trefzer;lukás sekanina;michael a. lones;pauline c. haddow;alan f. t. winfield;jim harkin;james a. walker;liam mcdaid;stephen l. smith 0002
evolve,enrique raúl villa diharce;oliver schütze;arturo hernández aguirre;andrea villagra;alexandru-adrian tantar;joachim lepping;eduardo segredo;carlos segura;günter schmidt 0002;fabio daolio
examining robustness and vulnerability of networked systems,foad mahdavi pajouh;vladimir boginski;athanasios migdalas;alexander veremyev;vitaliy a. yatsenko;dionne m. aleman;arun das;michael b. fenn;burak eksioglu;krishnan ayalur seshadrinathan
excelsior,edsger w. dijkstra
experience design,marc hassenzahl
experience-centered design,peter c. wright;john c. mccarthy
expert-verlag,ulrich sailer;alassam ghanem;karsten fuchs;jürgen laukemper;matthias wiese;christoph-ulrich plapp;jürgen seibold
explainable ai,klaus-robert müller;wojciech samek;grégoire montavon;sepp hochreiter;günter klambauer;maximilian alber;jose a. arjona-medina;thomas unterthiner;kristof t. schütt;anh nguyen
exploitation of a ship's magnetic field signatures,john j. holmes
exploiting the power of group differences,guozhu dong
exploratory causal analysis with time series data,james m. mccracken
exploratory search: beyond the query-response paradigm,ryen w. white;resa a. roth
exploring context in information behavior,naresh kumar agarwal
exploring new roles for librarians: the research informationist,lisa federer
exploring representation in evolutionary level design,daniel ashlock
express-edition,alois schütte
faceted search,daniel tunkelang
fachbereich geowiss., fu,doris dransch
fachbereich informatik der univ.,heinrich jasper
fachmedien recht und wirtschaft, dfv mediengruppe,bernard a. karikari;alexander golland
fachrichtung geodäsie und geoinformatik der leibniz-univ.,richard guerke
fachrichtung vermessungswesen der univ.,wilfried linder;liqiu meng;hariyanto teguh
fachverlag für büro- u. organisationstechnik,harald b. karcher
fal,hermann roth
fault analysis in cryptography,luca breveglieri;alessandro barenghi;yang li 0001;sylvain guilley;frederik vercauteren;françois-xavier standaert;junko takahashi;jean-luc danger;matthieu rivain;cécile canovas-dumas
fault tolerant computer architecture,daniel j. sorin
feature selection for data and pattern recognition,urszula stanczyk;piroska b. kis;piotr dalka;james studnicki;wojciech ziarko;kristóf marussy;domenico potena;claudia diamantini;krisztian buza;izwan nizal mohd shaharanee
feedback control systems,farzin asadi;jorge rodríguez;robert e. bolanos
ferber,wolfgang gohout 0001
fernuniv., fachbereich informatik,vasco brattka
fgm-verlag,michael schineis
field-coupled nanocomputing,mariagrazia graziano;marco vacca;maurizio zamboni;craig s. lent;neal g. anderson;ilke ercan;gregory l. snider;douglas tougaw;györgy csaba;luca boarino
fieldwork for healthcare: case studies investigating human factors in computing systems,aisling ann o'kane;dominic furniss;svetlena taneva;helena m. mentis;rebecca randell;ann blandford
fieldwork for healthcare: guidance for investigating human factors in computing systems,aisling ann o'kane;dominic furniss;svetlena taneva;helena m. mentis;rebecca randell;ann blandford
fifty years of fuzzy logic and its applications,lászló t. kóczy;alex tormási;kaoru hirota;christian braune;marek reformat;i. burhan türksen;sang wan lee;gabriella pasi;olivier pivert;enric trillas
fighting terror in cyberspace,mark last;menahem friedman;yuval elovici;moti schneider;shaul shay;abraham r. wagner;bracha shapira;yehuda shaffer;alex markov;abraham kandel
fin shape thermal optimization using bejan's constructal theory,giulio lorenzini;alessandra conti;simone moretti
finite element method simulation of 3d deformable solids,jernej barbic;eftychios sifakis
finite state machine datapath design, optimization, and implementation,justin davis;robert b. reese
fink, germany,david link
fischer,robert mayer-uellner;gerhard rank;falk von bornstaedt;werner degenhardt;nina hautzinger;peter waldbach;wolfgang schweiger;uwe weber;hans-manfred niedetzky;helmut redeker
fischer-löw,heiko georg
fish4knowledge,bastiaan johannes boom;concetto spampinato;robert b. fisher;yun-heh chen-burger;hsiu-mei chou;sun-in lin;simone palazzo;emma beauxis-aussalet;fang-pang lin;daniela giordano
fiz karlsruhe,daniela becks
flexible approaches in data, information and knowledge management,guy de tré;slawomir zadrozny;olivier pivert;grégory smits;juan miguel medina 0001;umberto straccia;theresa beaubouef;olga pons;nicolas sicard;rallou thomopoulos
florentz,bernd witzmann;marianne oeffling;hubert jung;karl sommer;peter storz;roland bürkle;rolf weber 0002;silvia frey;klaus-peter balthasar;otto küpferle
fml,peter tenerowicz-wirth
forkel-verlag,manfred simon
formal concept analysis of social networks,guillaume santini;francisco j. valverde-albacete;daniel borchmann;alexander semenov;dominique bouthinon;camille roth;martin atzmueller;henry soldano;dmitry v. gnatyshak;carmen peláez-moreno
formalisms for reuse and systems integration,johanna nellen;abdelli abdelkrim;chadlia jerad;ferhat khendek;maria toeroe;kamel barkaoui;umair siddique;margarete sackmann;éric grégoire;aymen louati
forschungszentrum jülich,sergej suslov
forschungszentrum jülich, zentralbibliothek,david böhme
fouille de données complexe,pascal poncelet;anne laurent;chérif mballo;amedeo napoli;eric lefevre;dong (haoyuan) li;julien rabatel;mehrdad salehi;sandra bringay;nicolas béchet
fouille de données complexes,arnaud martin;martine cadot;cyril de runz;boutheina ben yaghlane;lydia boudjeloud-assala;zainab assaghir;henri prade;jacques-henri sublemontier;marion laignelet;vincent vigneron
fouille de données d'opinions,dominique legallois;jean-hugues chauchat;cyril grouin;mehdi adda;martine hurault-plantet;françois rioult;laura monceaux;thierry charnois;emilie guimier de neef;adam funk
foundations and novel approaches in data mining,liwu chang;jan rauch;petra povalej;frederick e. petry;jerzy w. grzymala-busse;peter kokol;katherine m. shelfer;ernestina menasalvas ruiz;shian-shyong tseng;kwang-hoon kim
foundations of computational intelligence (1),siti mariyam hj. shamsuddin;pierluigi argoneto;d. dumitrescu;elia el-darzi;moumen t. el-melegy;mohamed slimane;pierre liardet;hazem m. el-bakry;isaam saeed;roberto incitti
foundations of computational intelligence (2),vladik kreinovich;françois modave;hung t. nguyen 0002;martine ceberio;alicja wieczorkowska;huiyu zhou 0001;olga kosheleva;el-sayed a. el-dahshan;aboul ella hassanien;abdelhamid bouchachia
foundations of computational intelligence (3),ajith abraham;d. dumitrescu;mohammed el-abd;marco césar goldbarg;mona m. arafa;sonia cafieri;paola festa;francesco battaglia 0001;millie pant;radha thangaraj
foundations of computational intelligence (4),václav snásel;marcus v. dos santos;ajith abraham;fakhri karray;neal wagner;noboru ohnishi;nicolas beaume;andré carlos ponce de leon ferreira de carvalho;enrique morett;ukrit watchareeruetai
foundations of computational intelligence (5),alex alves freitas;marcel jirina;marcel jirina jr.;pablo moscato;akbar a. javadi;maria do carmo nicoletti;bing xiao;cyril fonlupt;xinbo gao;annibal parracho sant'anna
foundations of computational intelligence (6),k. thangavel;jan kozak;satyaveer singh chauhan;h. hannah inbarani;paul cotofrei;martin rimnac;david k. y. chiu;joão gama;aboul ella hassanien;paolo trunfio
foundations of data mining and knowledge discovery,jan rauch;william m. pottenger;yujia an;tuan-fang fan;paul cotofrei;tianhao wu;ernestina menasalvas ruiz;norman s. matloff;lei xu 0001;david a. bell
foundations of data quality management,floris geerts;wenfei fan
fpga-accelerated simulation of computer systems,james c. hoe;derek chiou;hari angepat;eric s. chung
fractal analysis of breast masses in mammograms,rangaraj m. rangayyan;thanh m. cabral
fractional order control and synchronization of chaotic systems,ahmad taher azar;sundarapandian vaidyanathan;adel ouannas;toufik ziar;ahmed g. radwan;k. p. s. rana;vineet kumar 0001;christos k. volos;víctor r. gonzález-díaz;olfa boubaker
framing privacy in digital collections with ethical decision making,virginia a. dressler
frank & timme, verlag für wissenschaftliche literatur,thomas bartz
frankfurt school verlag,fabian leonhardt
franzbecker,eva pilz;peter martin 0001;jinxiang yu;hans-joachim gorski;ute mehlhase
fraunhofer verlag,christian jung;michael schmitz 0004;alexander leichner;dominik rost;michael bortz;dimitar iliev;esther bonacker;jaroslaw wlazlo;elisabeth brandenburg;markus rein
fraunhofer-irb-verlag,manfred bresch;stefan göbel 0001;josé dionísio;klaus schmid;volker jung;antje von knethen;wolfgang müller 0013;dirk muthig;anette knierriem-jasnoch;erik kamsties
fraunhofer-verlag,grischa beier;christoph forster;ulrich reiser;sebastian wahle;igor menzel;kai breiner;ralf carbon;uli siebold;matthias peissner;sebastian adam
frequency domain hybrid finite element methods for electromagnetics,kubilay sertel;john l. volakis;brian c. usner
from motor learning to interaction learning in robots,jan peters 0001;francesco nori;giorgio metta;stefan klanke;sethu vijayakumar;lorenzo natale;christian goerick;olivier sigaud;josé santos-victor;vincent padois
from sociology to computing in social networks,nasrullah memon;reda alhajj;panagiotis karampelas;vincent c. s. lee;jon g. rokne;marc cheong;anna stavrianou;sabrina ziebarth;jean-hugues chauchat;julien velcin
frontiers of intelligent autonomous systems,jee-hwan ryu;moritz tenorth;jonathan courbon;dmitriy ogay;youcef mezouar;hemanth korrapati;young-sun ryuh;rainer jäkel;heinz wörn;paolo fiorini
full-text (substring) indexes in external memory,marina barsky;alex thomo;ulrike stege
fundamentals of biomedical transport processes,gerald e. miller
fundamentals of electromagnetics 1,david r. voltmer
fundamentals of electromagnetics 2,david r. voltmer
fundamentals of electronics: book 1,ernest m. kim;thomas f. schubert
fundamentals of electronics: book 2,ernest m. kim;thomas f. schubert jr.
fundamentals of electronics: book 3,ernest m. kim;thomas f. schubert jr.
fundamentals of electronics: book 4,ernest m. kim;thomas f. schubert jr.
fundamentals of engineering economics and decision analysis,david l. whitman;ronald e. terry
fundamentals of object databases: object-oriented and object-relational design,suzanne w. dietrich;susan darling urban
fundamentals of physical design and query compilation,grant e. weddell;david toman
fundamentals of respiratory sounds and analysis,zahra moussavi
fundamentals of spread spectrum modulation,rodger e. ziemer
funology,kees overbeeke;stephan wensveen;peter c. wright;marc hassenzahl;john c. mccarthy;caroline hummels;margot jacobs;john karat;keith steury;pieter desmet
funology, 2nd ed.,mark blythe;marc hassenzahl;kees overbeeke;ben kirman;stephan wensveen;peter c. wright;shaun w. lawson;caroline hummels;conor linehan;joseph lindley
fusion in computer vision,arnold w. m. smeulders;mohammad soleymani 0001;emmanuel dellandréa;marc t. law;peijun du;julien van hout;georges quénot;mark s. melenhorst;ningning liu;hugo boujut
fuzzy cognitive maps for applied sciences and engineering,elpiniki i. papageorgiou;alexander yastrebov;martin wildenberg;jose l. salmeron;michalis glykas;weria khaksar;engin yesil;fairul azni jafar;kirsten g. q. isak;m. c. adamescu
fuzzy engineering economics with applications,cengiz kahraman;ihsan kaya;aleksandar d. dimitrovski;manuel a. matos;ludmila dymova;dorota kuchta;ramón alberto carrasco;pavel v. sevastjanov;nihan çetin demirel;james j. buckley
fuzzy logic augmentation of nature-inspired optimization metaheuristics,oscar castillo 0001;fevrier valdez;patricia melin;josé soria;héctor josé puga soberanes;beatriz gonzález;patricia ochoa;jorge alberto soria-alcaraz;jonathan pérez;frumen olivas
fuzzy logic augmentation of neural and optimization algorithms,oscar castillo 0001;martín carpio;fevrier valdez;patricia melin;juan javier gonzález barbosa;juan frausto solís;laura cruz reyes;héctor josé puga soberanes;german prado-arechiga;claudia gómez santillán
fuzzy logic in its 50th year,cengiz kahraman;m. h. fazel zarandi;josé l. verdegay;mir saman pishvaee;markku heikkilä;isis torres pérez;francisco herrera;elpiniki i. papageorgiou;krassimir t. atanassov;zoumpoulia dikopoulou
fuzzy optimization,elizabeth a. untiedt;josé l. verdegay;hiroaki ishii;josé manuel cadenas;vicenç torra;akebo yamakami;joão m. c. sousa;kofi kissi dompere;weldon a. lodwick;salvatore spinella
fuzzy sets and their extensions: representation, aggregation and models,tomasa calvo;sergio alonso;gleb beliakov;janusz kacprzyk;etienne e. kerre;enrique herrera-viedma;tamalika chaira;luis g. pérez;suyun zhao;carlos porcel
fuzzy systems in bioinformatics and computational biology,gerald schaefer;hisao ishibuchi;konstantinos n. plataniotis;monica n. nicolescu;filippo menolascina;jiann-shing shieh;vitoantonio bevilacqua;gregory vert;chunmei shi;vasyl pihur
fuzzy technology,dominika golunska;józsef mezei;matteo brunelli;juan miguel sánchez-lozano;maria socorro garcía-cascales;mikael collan;mario fedrizzi;pavel holecek;ricardo tanscheit;rudolf seising
fwi-verlag,christoph wentzel;michael hergenhahn
fzka,heiko maaß
föhlbach,werner ritter
fölbach,catherine g. mkude;wenjin lu;frieder stolzenburg;carlo simon;rainer schian;roland berling;marcel bresink;albrecht meissner;xiandeng huang;michael prasse
gabler,regina fischer 0001;marlies rogalski;christiane gerigk;carsten berkau;jürgen heuer;volker zimmermann 0001;bertold heil;hermann siebdrat;christoph arlt;mark weigelt
galda und wilch,bibhuti roy
game theory,andrew mceachern
game theory for data science,goran radanovic;boi faltings
game theory for wireless engineers,allen b. mackenzie;luiz a. dasilva
game user experience evaluation,regina bernhaupt;manfred tscheligi;eduardo h. calvillo gámez;heather desurvire;nadia bianchi-berthouze;jurek kirakowski;göte nyman;graham mcallister;anna l. cox;paul a. cairns
games, actions and social software,jan van eijck;barbara dunin-keplicz;floor sietsma;hans van ditmarsch;keith dowding;rineke verbrugge;nicola dimitri;yanjing wang 0001;marc pauly;peter gärdenfors
games: unifying logic, language, and philosophy,shahid rahman;robin clark;manuel rebuschi;wim veldman;petr cintula;christian g. fermüller;ondrej majer;john woods 0001;tero tulenheimo;boudewijn de bruin
gaussian scale-space theory,joachim weickert;tony lindeberg;lewis d. griffin;mads nielsen;rein van den boomgaard;james damon;alfons h. salden;peter johansen;kalle åström;wiro j. niessen
gazing at games: an introduction to eye tracking control,veronica sundstedt
gbi-verlag,helmut volkmann;wolfgang esser;sabine graumann;rudolf hilfer;hans-peter wagner;christoph walterspiel
gca-verlag,holger friedrich 0002;hartwig grabowski;monika wieneke;andré wenzel 0001;stefan gumbrich;andré maryniak;sebastian eschweiler;andreas kirschbaum;markus ehrenmann;felix govaers
general game playing,michael r. genesereth;michael thielscher
general-purpose graphics processor architectures,wilson wai lun fung;timothy g. rogers;tor m. aamodt
generalized transmission line method to study the far-zone radiation of antennas under a multilayer structure,xuan hui wu;allen w. glisson;ahmed a. kishk
generalized voronoi diagram,marina l. gavrilova;james d. palmer;jeongyeon seo;ojaswa sharma;masaki moriguchi;deok-soo kim;joonghyun ryu;donguk kim;darka mioc;maciej dakowicz
genetic systems programming,luiza de macedo mourelle;ajith abraham;nadia nedjah;crina grosan;josé f. m. do amaral;michael botros;douglas mota dias;halina kwasnicka;marco aurélio cavalcanti pacheco;cândida ferreira
geobuch-verlag,gertrud gegg
geodät. inst.,hans-jürgen schaffeld
geodätisches inst. der univ.,manfred wiggenhagen;bernd m. powitz
geographical design,stephen c. hirtle
geographical design (2nd edition),stephen c. hirtle
geographisches inst.,steffen bock
geometric and discrete path planning for interactive virtual worlds,marcelo kallmann;mubbasir kapadia
geometric continuity of curves and surfaces,przemyslaw kiciak
geometric programming for design and cost optimization,robert c. creese
geometric programming for design and cost optimization, second edition,robert c. creese
geometric programming for design equation development and cost/profit optimization, 3rd edition,robert c. creese
geometry-driven diffusion in computer vision,bart m. ter haar romeny;max a. viergever;tony lindeberg;allen r. tannenbaum;antonio leaci;marc proesmans;peter j. olver;alfons h. salden;sanjoy k. mitter;steven w. zucker
geospatial services and applications for the internet,bruce lin;michael gould;david c. wilson;isabel f. cruz;eoin mac aoidh;john sample;huiyong xiao;aleksandar milosavikevic;jean reimbold;hanan samet
gieseking,susanne englisch
gito,simon giesecke;andré ullrich;marcus lindemann
gkss-forschungszentrum,sönke schumann
global usability,zhengjie liu;haixin zhang;teeravarunyou sakol;idyawati hussein;andy smith;aura castillo-matias;terrin lim;susan m. dray;kun-pyo lee;saurabh gupta
global warming and the future of the earth,robert g. watts
globalization, engineering, and creativity,john reader
gmd-forschungszentrum informationstechnik,christian lemmen;claus rinner
gpu-based techniques for global illumination effects,lászló szécsi;mateu sbert;lászló szirmay-kalos
grammatical inference for computational linguistics,menno van zaanen;colin de la higuera;jeffrey heinz
granular, soft and fuzzy approaches for intelligent systems,janusz kacprzyk;javier fernández 0002;david a. pelta;miguel pagola;simone sterlacchini;elisabetta mangioni;laura de miguel;chrysanthi polyzoni;humberto bustince;paolo arcaini
graph mining: laws, tools, and case studies,deepayan chakrabarti;christos faloutsos
graph-based semi-supervised learning,amarnag subramanya;partha pratim talukdar
grauer,jürgen weinmann;gary e. lohmann
greek, indian and arabic logic,julius moravcsik;charles burnett;andrew irvine;tony street;dov m. gabbay;raymond e. jennings;john woods 0001;george boger;jonardon ganeri;john hayden woods
greening video distribution networks,nancy perrot;yong yao;adrian popescu 0002;erkki harjula;bernard liau;pawani porambage;olivier philippot;kinga pilarska;franco davoli;roberto bruschi
greven,ellen branthin
grin publishing,angelo troina;tami sutcliffe
grin verlag,khalid khan;maryam mirzaei;kamill panitzek;anita yadav;raja kumar;anil bheemaiah;sanjay bhaskaran;arjun singh;priyanka ora;sahar tahvili
growing adaptive machines,yoshua bengio;borys wróbel;james a. bednar;sylvain chevallier;jean-baptiste mouret;jason gauci;thomas p. trappenberg;nicolas bredèche;julian f. miller;rené doursat
gsf-forschungszentrum für umwelt und gesundheit,rainer herpers;veronika schaeffler
guide to ambient intelligence in the iot environment,kadir alpaslan demir;syeda shabnam khan;bernard butler;santosh kumar vishvakarma;ivan nikitin;adnan mahmood;alea m. fairchild;ertan onur;saad azmeen ur rahman;shailesh singh chouhan
guide to disaster-resilient communication networks,jacek rak;marija furdek;carmen mas machuca;david hutchison;massimo tornatore;dorabella santos;lena wosinska;sasko ristov;teresa gomes;rita girão-silva
guide to e-science,hock beng lim;daniel j. crichton;jörn altmann;ze luo;cheng fu;mirko sonntag;scott johnson;wenzhuang gui;chris a. mattmann;zhonghua lu
guide to security in sdn and nfv,antonio pastor;hamza attak;antonio lioy;adrian l. shaw;sarah farahmandian;jerónimo núñez;bernat gastón;carolina fernandez;doan b. hoang;kpatcha m. bayarou
guide to vulnerability analysis for computer networks and systems,mark stamp;simon parkinson;fabio di troia;saad khan 0001;richard smith 0002;deebiga rajeswaran;liam grant;junaid arshad;jing wang;vivin paliath
guide to wireless ad hoc networks,wenbo he;klara nahrstedt;amitabha das;ying huang;mike burmester;vinay kolar;fan li 0001;feng li 0001;vijay varadharajan;justin lipman
guide to wireless mesh networks,vinod mirchandani;bernhard plattner;ante prodan;alexander zimmermann 0001;mahesh arumugam;dharma p. agrawal;daniel câmara;arshad jhumka;juan carlos de martin;habiba skalli
guide to wireless sensor networks,marimuthu palaniswami;bang wang;cheng fu;di ma;kyoung-don kang;hock beng lim;robin doss;yee wei law;ivan stojmenovic;luiz henrique andrade correia
görich und weiershäuser,ulrich kunack;volker haeberlin;kurt kesper;sigrun goll
günther emig, niederstetten, germany,christian emig
gütersloher verlag-haus mohn,wolfgang r. petkewitz
haag u. herchen,martin odening;eric schoop
haag und herchen,makoto sato;monika molitor;marhild hoffmann;bernd schütt;roland metzger;christian schmidt 0003;jens schaps;gerd schwöbel;thomas karas;uwe färber
hain,peter recht;bernhard von stengel;gholamreza nakhaeizadeh;leo schubert;andreas pielczyk;marco lehmann-waffenschmidt
hamburger buchwerkstatt,wolfgang brüggemann
hampp,olaf passenheim;peter finzer;ulrich fischer 0001;ute ambrosius;ute hoffmann;hans helmut kehr;martin hagen;armin modi;uwe wolfgang botschatzke;nicole paschke
handbook of biometric anti-spoofing,sébastien marcel;andré anjos;abdenour hadid;stephanie a. c. schuckers;raffaele cappelli;dong yi;christoph busch;junichi yamagishi;ivana chingovska;tieniu tan
handbook of biometric anti-spoofing, 2nd ed.,sébastien marcel;julian fiérrez;javier galbally;andré anjos;gian luca marcialis;christoph busch;adam czajka;david yambay;marta gomez-barrero;amir mohammadi
handbook of biometrics for forensic science,didier meuwly;julian fiérrez;christophe champod;sridha sridharan;nannan wang;paulo lobato correia;jingxiao zheng;javier ortega-garcia;emilio mordini;claus vielhauer
handbook of iris recognition,patrick j. flynn;kevin w. bowyer;mark james burge;vishnu naresh boddeti;arun abraham ross;p. jonathon phillips;marios savvides;raghavender r. jillela;b. v. k. vijaya kumar;adams wai-kin kong
handbook of memetic algorithms,carlos cotta;ferrante neri;james e. smith 0002;pablo moscato;marco antonio montes de oca;regina berretta;ágoston e. eiben;peter merz;andrea caponio;yoel tenne
handbook of optimization,ivan zelinka;donald davendra;roman senkerik;edite m. g. p. fernandes;zuzana oplatková;daniel zaldivar 0001;pascal bouvry;mohammed chadli;milos seda;roman jasek
handbook of satisfiability,ashish sabharwal;carla p. gomes;roberto sebastiani;hans kleine büning;oliver kullmann;bart selman;olivier roussel;hantao zhang;edward a. hirsch;vasco m. manquinho
handbook on business process management (1),sue conger;geary a. rummler;jörg becker 0001;agnes koschmider;marlon dumas;jan vom brocke;michael p. papazoglou;fred a. cummins;daniel pfeiffer;jianrui wang
handbook on business process management (2),wasana bandara;jan vom brocke;christian sonnenberg;peter fettke;peter loos;theresa schmiedel;martin petry;robert winter 0001;stefan novotny;chris aitken
handbook on neural information processing,stefan c. kremer;paul c. kainen;andrea passerini;ah chung tsoi;nigel m. allinson;aaron c. courville;dominic palmer-brown;markus hagenbuchner;liviu goras;claudio mazzariello
handbook on ontologies,steffen staab;nicola guarino;daniel oberle;christoph tempich;frank van harmelen;jeff z. pan;graeme hirst;alexander mädche;nigel r. shadbolt;asunción gómez-pérez
hanser,alexander hillebrand;olaf schrödel;sabine weiß;michael solvie;konrad grampp;josef scheller;liang-han hsieh;franz-henning schröder;august potthast;reinhold schultz
hard problems in software testing,scott r. tilley;brianna floss
hardware malware,heidelinde hobel;adrian dabrowski;edgar r. weippl;katharina krombholz;christian krieg
hart,dimitrios koukiadis
hartung-gorre,martin rutishauser;thomas ernst 0002;johannes hug;christian stöcklin;esther koller-meier;felix tarköy;jan camenisch;christian kurmann;christoph bunte;murti v. r. s. devarakonda
hartung-gorre verlag,reto a. wildhaber;céline aubel;nour zalmai;michael tschannen;thomas wiatowski;david stotz;michael schaffner;jochen seidel;pirmin vogel;annina bracher
haufe,karin benz;marcus vögtle;dieter friedrich;gitta eipperle;boris hummel
haupt,eduard straub;peer biendl;daniel odermatt;manfred sommer 0001;herbert jucken;peter lange 0002;reinhard schlemmer;patrick j. fürer;pierin vincenz-weder;thomas p. gysler
hbs fachbuch,arne radetzky
hci and design in the context of dementia,rens brankaert;gail kenning;alethea blackler;arlene astell;yuan lu;daryoush daniel vaziri;suzanne dillon;david m. frohlich;michael p. craven;niels hendriks
hci theory,yvonne rogers
health care engineering part i: clinical engineering and technology management,monique frize
health care engineering part ii: research and development in the health care environment,monique frize
health information governance in a digital environment,evelyn j. s. hovenga;heather grain;marilyn wells;kevin moysey;william t. f. goossen;debora garcia-alonso;patricia a. h. williams;jesmin nahar;sebastian garde;tasadduq imam
heidrich,karsten becker
heise,ulrich eisenecker
heizmann,wolfgang weber 0001;martin volz
helbing et lichtenhahn,pierre schneider
helbing u. lichtenhahn,lukas handschin
helbing und lichtenhahn,beat schmidli
heldermann,michael jünger;gerhard reinelt
hempen,max horneck
herbert utz verlag,julian backhaus;florian geiger;josef huber;stefan krotil;michael mauderer 0002
herbert utz verlag, wissenschaft,felix abt
herbert von halem verlag,andreas niekler
heterogeneous objects modelling and applications,alexander a. pasko;benjamin schmitt;christophe schlick;pierre-alain fayolle;valery adzhiev;elena kartasheva;galina pasko;hod lipson;július parulek;raphaëlle chaine
heterogeneous spatial data,michela spagnuolo;giuseppe patanè 0001
heymann,alexander schieferdecker;wolfgang bär 0003;stefan altfelder;dieter erich walch;ulrich weber-steinhaus;helmut mayer-metzner;lutz van raden;yvonne kleinke;stephan bleisteiner;stephan ring
hf-based high-k dielectrics,jack c. lee;young-hee kim
hieronymus,michael haft;joachim a. deutschmann;christian legl;norbert fröhlich;cecilia e. nugraheni;marc-denis weitze;andreas hutter;rolf schlagenhaft;martin josef heilingbrunner;josef fleischmann
high dynamic range video,rafal mantiuk;grzegorz krawczyk;karol myszkowski
high efficiency video coding,vivienne sze;detlev marpe;jani lainema;rickard sjöberg;philippe hanhart;madhukar budagavi;chih-ming fu;ali tabatabai;mehul tikekar;shawmin lei
high fidelity haptic rendering,miguel a. otaduy;ming c. lin
high performance datacenter networks: architectures, algorithms, and opportunities,dennis abts;john kim
high-level structures for quantum computing,jaroslaw adam miszczak
high-performance modelling and simulation for big data applications,elisabeth larsson;horacio gonzález-vélez;clemens grelck;sabri pllana;corinne ancourt;ales zamuda;katarzyna wegrzyn-wolska;valentina nejkovic;roman senkerik;andrea bracciali
high-performance simulation-based optimization,tinkle chugh;martin zaefferer;tea tusar;michael t. m. emmerich;raquel hernández gómez;handing wang;ivo couckuyt;alma rahat;tom dhaene;chaoli sun
high-speed digital system design,justin davis
higher order fdtd schemes for waveguide and antenna structures,nikolaos v. kantartzis;theodoros d. tsiboukis
hitting the wall: a vision of a secure energy future,richard caputo
hitzeroth,ulrich w. neuert;hilmar siebert
hlrs,stefan wesner
hni,alexander fink;stephan kress;ralf holtkamp;sören henkel;gerald frank;achim kuhn;salvatore parisi;armin bäumker;tamás lukovszki
hni-verlagsschriftenreihe,norma alicia montealegre agramont;markus von detten
hochsch.-verlag,frank staab
hogrefe, verlag für psychologie,dirk stelling;nicola döring
holos,jan brustkern
holos-verlag,matthias meyer 0003;horst müller;damien sagrillo;dieter hein;shuo wang 0007;guntram platter
hoppenstedt und wolff,stephan klein
how we cope with digital technology,phil turner
huber,susanne a. huber;hansruedi kaiser
human and machine learning,fang chen 0001;jianlong zhou;yang wang 0002;evelyne lutton;kun yu;nadia boukhelifa;marko robnik-sikonja;thierry rakotoarivelo;thomas chabin;marc barnabé
human centered software product lines,gilles perrouin;patrick heymans;nicolas biri;mounir ben ayed;samia oussena;jean-marc davril;alfonso garcía frey;nicolas genon;céline sauvage-thomase;jacques klein
human computation,luis von ahn;edith law
human interaction with graphs,chengkai li;byron choi;sourav s. bhowmick
human machine interaction,denis lalanne;omar abou khaled;anne le calvé;bruno dumas;elena mugellini;denis gillet;fabian cretton;kaveh bazargan;jacques bapst;sandro gerardi
human systems integration to enhance maritime domain awareness for port/harbour security,nikola stoyanov;éloi bossé;hasmik atoyan;melissa r. ho;giovanni ferrin;damir zec;hans wehn;valerio de divitiis;dominique cant;marie-odette st-hilaire
human-centered software engineering,jean vanderdonckt;ahmed seffah;michel c. desmarais;mohamed taleb;martha j. lindeman;pierre n. robillard;marc abrams;jo vermeulen;gaelle calvary;adrien coyette
human-centric decision-making models for social sciences,ewa roszkowska;jie lu 0001;farookh khadeer hussain;llorenç roselló;a. deshpande;nur atiqah rochin demong;d. datta;lala m. zeinalova;vladik kreinovich;patrik eklund
human-centric information processing through granular modelling,josé valente de oliveira;piotr orantek;ranajit das;uwe aickelin;patricia melin;tuan trung nguyen;giovanni acampora;vincenzo loia;sushmita mitra;tadeusz burczynski
human-computer interaction: the agency perspective,michel c. a. klein;pieter desmet;matthias rehm;larry birnbaum;lars-erik janlert;marc hassenzahl;jörg dörr;abey campbell;marcus trapp;michael j. o'grady
human-computer interactions in museums,luigina ciolfi;eva hornecker
humanitarian engineering,david munoz;carl mitcham
huss,hubert weid;bernd g. müller
hybrid intelligent systems,patricia melin;oscar castillo 0001;luis t. aguilar;eduardo gómez-ramírez;roberto sepúlveda;oscar montiel;arnulfo alanis garza;ricardo guerra;fevrier valdez;gabriela e. martinez
hybrid intelligent systems in control, pattern recognition and medicine,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;fevrier valdez;german prado-arechiga;josé soria;prometeo cortés-antonio;claudia i. gonzález;patricia ochoa;gabriela e. martinez;cinthia peraza
hybrid metaheuristics,christian blum 0001;enrique alba;thomas stützle;jakob puchinger;christophe duhamel;amaro de sousa;brendan wreford;carlos cotta;irina dumitrescu;dorabella santos
hypermedia genes: an evolutionary perspective on concepts, models, and architectures,luís carriço;nuno guimarães
hänsel-hohenhausen,friedrich t. sommer;thomas herzig;michael schatz;barbara kozok;albert wagner;reiner gosmann;zhonglin xu;richard alexander maria hilger;christine gindert
höpner und göttert,christiane glasmacher-remberg
hülsbusch,anton köstlbacher;jennifer ahl;daniel guagnin;julia maria struß;petra traxler;christian lehr 0001
hülsbusch, boizenburg, germany,stephan johannes franz graf
hüthig,werner schneider;carl georg hartung;dirk maertens;dietrich manstetten;hisham lamei-moustafa;johannes rückert;matthias wendt;heinz-willi wyes;norbert drescher;peter martini
ibidem-verlag,jürgen bückner;martin kreutz;gesa lorenz;thomas kalinke;carsten bruckhoff;thomas bergener;martin pahl;peter stagge;rainer menzner;heiko münkel
ichip multiprocessor architecture: techniques to improve throughput and latency,james laudon;lance hammond;kunle olukotun
ict innovations for sustainability,lorenz m. hilty;vlad c. coroama;daniel schien;roland hischier;rolf widmer;mohammad ahmadi achachlouei;bernard aebischer;patrick a. wäger;chris preist;josefin wangel
idea,werner schulenburg;georg kronawitter
identity-based cryptography,frederik vercauteren;michael scott;william p. marnane;xavier boyen;thomas sirvent;dan page;claire whelan;antoine joux;palash sarkar 0001;pierre-louis cayrel
idw-verlag,tanja utescher-dabitz;clemens krause;stefan göbel 0002;wolf-rüdiger bretzke;martin fröhlich 0003;hans martin bredeck;rainer minz
iem,hermann-josef weber
ier,christoph schlenzig;albrecht reuter
ifv, kalsruhe, germany,klaus möller
ihigh dynamic range image reconstruction,asla medeiros sá;luiz velho;paulo cezar pinto carvalho
iimage-based modeling of plants and trees,sing bing kang;long quan
iir,jürgen rauschenbach
ike,bernd burger
ill,bianka buschbeck-wolf
image and signal processing for networked e-health applications,manolis wallace;ilias maglogiannis;kostas karpouzis
image databases and multi-media search,marcel worring;arnold w. m. smeulders;michael s. lew;dionysius p. huijsmans;alberto del bimbo;carel a. van den berg;j. kreyß;chabane djeraba;wing-sze lee;peter alshuth
image pattern recognition,patrick s. p. wang;svetlana n. yanushkevich;vlad p. shmerko;sargur n. srihari;adrian stoica;ahmed awad e. ahmed;issa traoré;faramarz f. samavati;shimon k. modi;carlos a. coello coello
image understanding using sparse representations,pavan k. turaga;andreas spanias;karthikeyan natesan ramamurthy;jayaraman j. thiagarajan
image-based visualization: interactive multidimensional data exploration,christophe hurter
images in social media,haakon lund;susanne ørnager
imk,christian eggenberger
immd,holger hermanns;peter hastreiter
immersive analytics,wolfgang stuerzlinger;kim marriott;takayuki itoh;jian chen;tim dwyer;maxime cordeil;karsten klein 0001;marcel hlawatsch;miguel a. nacenta;steven mark drucker
implanted antennas in medical wireless communications,jaehoon kim;yahya rahmat-samii
impossibility results for distributed computing,faith ellen;hagit attiya
imprecision and uncertainty in information representation and processing,sotir sotirov;peter vassilev;evdokia sotirova;anthony g. shannon;oscar castillo 0001;velin andonov;radoslav tsvetkov;stefan hadjitodorov;elissaveta stefanova;olympia roeva
incentive-centric semantic web application engineering,roberta cuel;martin stein;elena simperl
incomplete data and data dependencies in relational databases,sergio greco;francesca spezzano;cristian molinaro
individual and collective graph mining,danai koutra;christos faloutsos
induction, algorithmic learning theory, and philosophy,kevin t. kelly;valentina s. harizanov;norma b. goethe;michèle friend;arun sharma 0001;brendan larvor;frank stephan 0001;eric martin 0002;oliver schulte;iraj kalantari
inductive logic,hannes leitgeb;daniel n. osherson;robert schwartz;sandy l. zabell;maria carla galavotti;jonathan weisberg;ulrike von luxburg;malcolm r. forster;ulrike hahn;evan heit
infix,markus kohler;michael hoch
influence and behavior analysis in social networks and social media,animesh mukherjee 0001;ema kusen;vincenzo moscato;liu fanghuizhu;suman kalyan maity;shih-hung wu;flora amato;satara cressy;abhishek panigrahi;mauro conti
information and database quality,mario piattini;martina marré;pairin katerattanakul;mokrane bouzeghoub;monica bobrowski;coral calero;daniel yankelevich;david loshin;keng siau;larry p. english
information and human values,kenneth fleischmann
information and influence propagation in social networks,wei chen 0013;carlos castillo 0001;laks v. s. lakshmanan
information architecture: the design and integration of information spaces,wei ding;xai lin
information communication,feicheng ma
information concepts: from books to cyberspace identities,gary marchionini
information retrieval and mining in distributed environments,atta badii;riccardo enrico zich;marco mussetta;vincenzo pallotta;michele tomaiuolo;markus borschbach;giovanni semeraro;craig w. thompson;salvatore carta;giovanni pilato
information retrieval evaluation,donna harman
information retrieval models: foundations & relationships,thomas roelleke
information security, coding theory and related combinatorics,spyros s. magliveras;mohan s. shrikhande;k. t. arasu;richard m. wilson 0001;andreas klein 0001;clement w. h. lam;wandi wei;ryoh fuji-hara;jamshid moori;kenneth matheis
information technologies in biomedicine,artur przelaskowski;witold walke;jan marciniak;krzysztof horoba;marcin kaczmarek;janusz wrobel;janusz jezewski;zbigniew paszenda;ewa pietka;zygmunt wróbel
information technology and product development,satish nambisan;ikenna s. uzuegbunam;julian malins;emma o'brien;robert g. fichman;darren harris;aggelos liapis;elisa fredericks;mark southern;priya nambisan
information theory and rate distortion theory for communications and compression,jerry d. gibson
information theory tools for computer graphics,ivan viola;mateu sbert;miquel feixas;jaume rigau;miguel chover
information theory tools for image processing,mateu sbert;miquel feixas;qing xu 0002;jaume rigau;anton bardera
information verification in the digital age,nora martin
information visualization,jean-daniel fekete;john t. stasko;sheelagh carpendale;daniel a. keim;gennady l. andrienko;petra isenberg;guy melançon;chris north;tamara munzner;jörn kohlhammer
informing chemical engineering decisions with data, research, and government resources,necia t. parker-gibson;patricia elaine kirkwood
innovations in bayesian networks,dawn e. holmes;bernard manderick;michael m. wagner;david heckerman;dan roth;rodrigo de salvo braz;kevin b. korb;richard e. neapolitan;m. julia flores;lakhmi c. jain
innovations in big data mining and embedded knowledge,carl vogel;milan gnjatovic;antonietta maria esposito;shahin amiriparian;valerio bellandi;costanza navarretta;alicia flores requardt;uday kamath;juliane höbel-müller;matteo polsinelli
innovations in hybrid intelligent systems,ajith abraham;javier de lope asiaín;guadalupe castilla valdez;juan francisco de paz;juan m. corchado;sara rodríguez;francisco r. cantón;josé luis lópez-pérez;nahitt padilla;juan pavón
innovations in intelligent machines (1),athina n. brintaki;jacob w. crandall;raja sengupta;niall winters;rolf rysdyk;randal w. beard;sivakumar rathinam;debasish ghose;chee peng lim;p. b. sujit
innovations in intelligent machines (4),moussa lo;shahid hussain 0004;ioannis hatzilygeroudis;vincent bouvier;talha amin;dipak kalra;gaoussou camara;laura pomponio;marc le goc;kazumi nakamatsu
innovations in intelligent machines (5),d. vijay rao;alexandra grancharova;madalina carbureanu;yiannis s. boutalis;sebastião feyo de azevedo;ieroham baruch;krishna priya remamany;c. thangaraj;nikolaos a. sofianos;petia georgieva
innovations in knowledge management,kathrin kirchner;gregor grambow;maciej dabrowski;benjamin heitmann;jocelyn cranefield;keith griffin;jens bender;liana razmerita;lakhmi c. jain;susanne aghassi
innovations in neural information paradigms and applications,markus hagenbuchner;giorgio gnecco;vera kurková;ah chung tsoi;antonino freno;stefan c. kremer;kiran ravulakollu;edmondo trentin;jindong liu;fabio roli
innovations in robot mobility and control,beatriz l. boada;maria l. gini;roman smierzchalski;kok kiong tan;zbigniew michalewicz;christopher j. harris 0001;wei lin 0002;paul e. rybski;sun wenting;luís m. m. custódio
innovations in swarm intelligence,reda alhajj;chee peng lim;carsten witt;frank neumann 0001;denton cockburn;zalina abdul aziz;hideyuki nishida;mohammed al-shalalfa;ziad kobti;carlos a. coello coello
innovative applications in data mining,fabrice rossi;aldebaro klautau;rommel n. carvalho;yomara pires;denise n. rotondi azevedo;celso y. ishida;shou matsumoto;jefferson morais;laécio l. santos;yves lechevallier
innovative computing methods and their applications to engineering problems,luiza de macedo mourelle;nadia nedjah;leandro dos santos coelho;viviana cocco mariani;sergio oliveira costa;takayuki kimura;mikio hasegawa;mariagrazia fedele;takafumi matsuura;tohru ikeguchi
innovative techniques in instruction technology, e-learning, e-assessment, and education,mohammad alissan alghamdi;steve counsell;faraz arain;alejandro montoya;yasir m. shariff;helmuth trefftz;samir m. shariff;hai lin;nazir a. sheikh;erki eessaar
innovative trends in personalized software engineering and information systems,christos troussas;cleo sgouropoulou
insider attack and cyber security,angelos d. keromytis;kevin s. killourhy;uday savagaonkar;ravishankar k. iyer;ravi sahita;c. sekar chandersekaran;randall f. trzeciak;paul dabrowski;malek ben salem;nithin nakka
insider threats in cyber security,ulrich flegel;frank l. greitzer;matt bishop;deborah a. frincke;sophie engle;philip miseldine;ganna monakova;richard wacker;gunter bitz;sean peisert
inst. für fördertechnik und logistiksysteme,knut alicke
inst. für informatik und praktische mathematik,claus aßmann
inst. für verkehr, eisenbahnwesen und verkehrssicherung,jan paul fischer
inst. für wasserbau u. wasserwirtschaft, rhein.-westfäl. techn. hochsch.,peter hänscheid
inst. für werkzeugmaschinen und betriebstechnik,oliver stiefbold
integral equation methods for electromagnetic and elastic waves,mei song tong;bin hu;weng cho chew
integrated intelligent systems for engineering design,carlos bento;adolfo hernandez;lars hein;andrew y. c. nee;yukihiro yoshimori;xuan f. zha;steven r. davis;jagatpreet singh;charles j. malmborg;hans holm frühauf
integrating research and practice in software engineering,janusz zalewski;andrzej paszkiewicz;andrzej zalewski;nary subramanian;jakub miler;tomasz lewowski;lech tuzinkiewicz;chris verhoef;bogumila hnatkowska;sylwia kopczynska
integrating user-centred design in agile development,marta lárusdóttir;åsa cajander;gilbert cockton;kati kuusinen;peggy gregory;tina øvad;maria ralph;oliver stickel;antonella de angeli;tommi mikkonen
integration of swarm intelligence and artificial neural network,satchidananda dehuri;ganapati panda;sandeep kumar yadav;sung-bae cho;guillermo leguizamón;debahuti mishra;bijaya k. panigrahi;s. n. omkar 0001;vrijendra singh;j. senthilnath 0001
intelligence and security informatics,hsinchun chen;wesley w. chu;sharad mehrotra;michael georgiopoulos;tianjun fu;kenneth m. reynolds;mona vajihollahi;olcay kursun;hong-ming lin;minge xie
intelligence in reliability engineering,hong-zhong huang;ming jian zuo;claudio m. rocco sanseverino;enrico zio;xiaohui hu;szu hui ng;shyi-ming chen;kin-ping hui;frank p. a. coolen;marco muselli
intelligence systems in environmental management,irem uçal sari;cengiz kahraman;alexander v. bozhenyuk;sezi çevik onar;marina savelyeva;evgeniya gerasimenko;stanislav l. belyakov;basar öztaysi;javier vázquez-salceda;bilal ervural
intelligent adaptation and personalization techniques in computer-supported collaborative learning,stavros n. demetriadis;maria grigoriadou;maria kordaki;dimitrios fragidakis;ourania petropoulou;georgios kahrimanis;carlos alario-hoyos;nikolaos m. avouris;kostas apostolos;osmel bordiés
intelligent agents in the evolution of web and applications,vicente moret-bonillo;chung-ming ou;paul davidsson;botond virginas;yo-sub han;katsumi tanaka;izabela wierzbowska;adam jatowt;ronald l. hartung;lakhmi c. jain
intelligent and soft computing in infrastructure systems engineering,kasthurirangan gopalakrishnan;john t. harvey;m. aysen lav;sunghwan kim;imad n. abdallah;pijush samui;nenad gucunski;a. burak göktepe;t. g. sitharam;a. hilmi lav
intelligent assistive robots,yacine amirat;josé maria azorín;pinar uluer;sehoon oh;samer mohammed;carlos a. cifuentes;adriana tapus;toshio fukuda;kyoungchul kong;walid hassani
intelligent autonomous robotics: a robot soccer case study,peter stone
intelligent autonomous systems,dilip kumar pratihar;prem kumar kalra;sandeep kumar yadav;clemens otte;wolfgang bibel;nirmal baran hui;werner hauptmann;bikash bepari;nirnay ghosh;jörg beyer
intelligent collaborative e-learning systems and applications,santi caballé;jerome feldman;maria kordaki;david thaw;thanasis daradoumis;rocío anguita-martínez;george a. papadopoulos;anastasios karakostas;charalambos constantinou;gustavo gutiérrez-carreón
intelligent computational optimization in engineering,mourad fakhfakh;mario köppen;dovi yellin;vasily v. demyanov;jonathan n. carter;andrás király;dilay çelebi;jános abonyi;gustavo rodríguez gómez;stefan preitl
intelligent computer graphics,dimitri plemenos;georgios miaoulis;christophe renaud;yves duthen;gregory m. nielson;anja johansson;noureddine djedi;nesrine ouannes;wolfgang oertel;nikolaos d. doulamis
intelligent computing based on chaos,fabio pareschi;maria de marsico;riccardo distasi;riccardo rovatti;sergio callegari;gianluca setti;daniel riccio;michele nappi;zbigniew galias;gábor vattay
intelligent computing paradigm,s. s. thakur 0004;sukanta dey;debamoy datta;soma bandyopadhyay;paramartha dutta;d. rekha;satish r. kolhe;shyamali mitra;gaurav trivedi;sukanta chakrabarty
intelligent data mining,da ruan 0001;francisco herrera;guoqing chen;dayou liu;tom brijs;tijen ertay;geert wets;koen vanhoof;luis martínez-lópez;david a. bell
intelligent decision making in quality management,cengiz kahraman;seda yanik;fabrizio marinelli 0001;erkan isikli;tong heng lee;murat gülbay;xinggang luo;ebru turanoglu bekar;barbara farsang;bahram sadeghpour gildeh
intelligent decision making: an ai-based approach,gloria e. phillips-wren;nikhil ichalkaranje;lakhmi c. jain;pierre urlings;van-nam huynh;steven walczak;frédéric adam;jean-charles pomerol;jeffrey tweedale;shahid azam
intelligent decision support systems for sustainable computing,arun kumar sangaiah;chitra venugopal;prabhakar rontala subramaniam;ioannis adritsos;elpiniki papageorgiou;jitender kumar chhabra;bharadwaj veeravalli;michael sheng;m. sujatha;mo m. jamshidi
intelligent decision systems in large-scale distributed environments,pascal bouvry;grégoire danoy;bernabé dorronsoro;samee ullah khan;edward nawarecki;juan c. burguillo;dumitru dan dumitrescu;stephan otto;michael t. todinov;marek kisiel-dorohinicki
intelligent educational machines,rosa maria vicari;jordi vallverdú;ana carolina letichevsky;jason a. walonoski;crescencio bravo;joão carlos gluz;miguel a. redondo;marley m. b. r. vellasco;neil t. heffernan;mario neto borges
intelligent exploration of the web,fernando aguiar;yong s. choi;elisa bertino;oscar marbán;mounia lalmas;rudolf kruse;maría j. martín-bautista;maría c. garcía-alegre;domingo guinea;dunja mladenic
intelligent information access,bettina berendt;berardina de carolis;marco bianchi 0001;armando stellato;nicole novielli;andreas hotho;irene mazzotta;maria teresa pazienza;carlo strapparava;giorgio gambosi
intelligent methods for cyber warfare,shanchieh jay yang;changzhou wang;mark last;krishan kumar 0001;john t. rickard;józsef mezei;jai j. choi;james llinas;suchitra abel;dan tavrov
intelligent monitoring, control, and security of critical infrastructure systems,marios m. polycarpou;elias kyriakides;christos g. panayiotou;romolo camplani;antonio marullo;teresa escobet;josé m. gutiérrez lópez;antonello monti;rasmus l. olsen;roberto setola
intelligent multimedia analysis for security applications,jan p. allebach;rita cucchiara;hosik sohn;zang li;georgios goudelis;xi zhao;murtaza taj;félix balado;maria de marsico;michele nappi
intelligent multimedia communication,s.-h. gary chan;paulo j. l. nunes;xu cheng;athanasios v. vasilakos;hai tao;wenjun zhang 0001;zhu li 0001;wen gao 0001;aggelos k. katsaggelos;pascal frossard
intelligent multimedia data hiding: new directions,jeng-shyang pan 0001;hsiang-cheh huang;chin-chen chang 0001;yu-hsiu huang;hideki noda;yi-hsuan fan;shaowei weng;tzu-chuen lu;lakhmi c. jain;cheng yong shao
intelligent networking, collaborative systems and applications,florin pop;valentin cristea;xavier vilajosana;simon dobson;nicolas marilleau;kentaro ogawa;kahina hamadache;f. javier garcía algarra;bogdan ghit;emerson loureiro
intelligent paradigms for assistive and preventive healthcare,cecilia sik-lányi;christophe jacquet;yung bok kim;makoto kobayashi;satoshi arakane;marlene hilzensauer;yacine bellik;thomas kjellberg christensen;hidetaka ikeuchi;margit dühring
intelligent systems for knowledge management,cesar sanín;edward szczerbicki;geunsik jo;alexei sharpanskykh;wojciech froelich;ngoc thanh nguyen;samer hanoun;jorge posada;nikola b. serbedzija;grzegorz bocewicz
intelligent techniques and tools for novel system architectures,krassimir t. atanassov;tania cerquitelli;dietmar jannach;panagiotis chountas;eulalia szmidt;janusz kacprzyk;elena baralis;daniel pizarro;natalia d. nikolova;sandro da silva camargo
intelligent techniques in engineering management,sezi çevik onar;seyed hossein iranmanesh;bo xing;dilek h. beyhan;harish garg;miladin stefanovic;nihal erginel;konsta mikael sirvio;zahra tavassoli hojati;kalipada maity
intelligent text categorization and clustering,ratchaneekorn theva-aksorn;y. b. zhang;booncharoen sirinaovakul;lando m. di carlantonio;luiz g. p. almeida;marco a. g. maia;yves lechevallier;bing quan huang;nuttanart facundes;alzennyr da silva
intelligent tools for building a scientific information platform,lukasz bolikowski;cezary mazurek;maciej stroinski;jan weglarz;hung son nguyen;marcin werla;henryk rybinski;piotr jan dendek;andrzej czyzewski;anna wróblewska
intelligent unmanned systems,agus budiyono;t. sudiyanto;kiyotaka izumi;keigo watanabe;joga dharma setiawan;rafiuddin syam;nam seo goo;tetsuo yoshimitsu;kwang-joon yoon;kensaku okamura
intelligent video event analysis and understanding,hiroshi noguchi;radu-daniel vatavu;huiyu zhou 0001;riccardo mattivi;stefan popov;thomas s. huang;shaogang gong;mark hasegawa-johnson;jian j. zhang 0001;shahid masud
intemann,hans-werner mewes
interacting with information,simon attfield;ann blandford
interaction for visualization,christian tominski
interactions between computational intelligence and mathematics (2),krassimir t. atanassov;szymon lukasik;joão paulo carvalho;evdokia sotirova;piotr kulczycki;levente solecki;fernando batista;piotr a. kowalski;ondrej kridlo;manuel ojeda-aciego
interactive collaborative information systems,frans c. a. groen;robert babuska;bart de schutter;leon j. h. m. kester;bob j. wielinga;shimon whiteson;kurt driessens;guido m. te brake;vanessa evers;bartel a. van de walle
interactive ir user study design, evaluation, and reporting,chirag shah;jiqun liu
interactive knowledge discovery and data mining in biomedical informatics,andreas holzinger;igor jurisica;marcus bloice;mario mezzanzanica;bernhard ofner;bernd malle;edgar r. weippl;raul rabadan;miriam schroettner;david windridge
interactive learning through visualization,steve cunningham;roger j. hubbold;charlie gunn;donna j. cox;joan truckenbrod;judith r. brown;richard l. phillips;andries van dam;jacques raymond;adele newton
interactive multi-modal question-answering,boris w. van schooten;rieks op den akker;ismail fahmi;gosse bouma;mariët theune;emiel krahmer;antal van den bosch;wauter bosma;erwin marsi;lonneke van der plas
interactive shape design,marie-paule cani;takeo igarashi;geoff wyvill
interactive technologies for autism,matthew s. goodwin;gregory d. abowd;gillian r. hayes;julie a. kientz
intermediate probability theory for biomedical engineers,daniel j. krause;john d. enderle;david c. farden
internationalismus-verlag,joachim söder-mahlmann
internet der dinge,christian rybak;max larsson;ernst fritz;wernher von schrader;klaus richter;alexander pflaum;michael schenk;jos fransen;manuel hüttl;frank kuhlmann
internet of things and inter-cooperative computational technologies for collective intelligence,olivier terzo;federico barrero;quan z. sheng;yacine atif;vincenzo moscato;mark yao;daniel gutiérrez-reina;valentin cristea;antonino mazzeo;jaydip sen
intertwingled - the work and influence of ted nelson,frode hegland;ken knowlton;peter schmideg;theodor holm nelson;ed subitzky;belinda barnet;andrew pam;ben shneiderman;dick heiser;christine l. borgman
interval / probabilistic uncertainty and non-classical logics,vladik kreinovich;hung t. nguyen 0002;tru h. cao;van-nam huynh;fabio cuzzolin;yoshiteru nakamori;gang xiang;jonathan lawry;canh hao nguyen;karin mehr
into the wild: beyond the design research lab,peter tolmie;andy crabtree;alan chamberlain;antonietta grasso;philip gosset;ewa luger;gavin smyth;tom rodden;richard harper 0001;mark rouncefield
introduction to arabic natural language processing,nizar habash
introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part i,douglas a. christensen
introduction to biomedical engineering: biomechanics and bioelectricity - part ii,douglas a. christensen
introduction to chinese natural language processing,kam-fai wong;zheng-sheng zhang;wenjie li 0002;ruifeng xu
introduction to continuum biomechanics,kyriacos a. athanasiou;roman m. natoli
introduction to distributed self-stabilizing algorithms,swan dubois;franck petit;stéphane devismes;karine altisen
introduction to embedded systems: using ansi c and the arduino development environment,david j. russell
introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on analog multimedia explorations,lina j. karam;naji mounsef
introduction to engineering: a starter's guide with hands-on digital multimedia and robotics explorations,lina j. karam;naji mounsef
introduction to intelligent systems in traffic and transportation,franziska klügl;ana l. c. bazzan
introduction to linguistic annotation and text analytics,graham wilcock
introduction to logic,michael r. genesereth;eric kao
introduction to logic synthesis using verilog hdl,mitchell a. thornton;robert b. reese
introduction to logic, second edition,michael r. genesereth;eric kao
introduction to logic, third edition,michael r. genesereth;eric kao
introduction to noise-resilient computing,seiya kasai;svetlana n. yanushkevich;golam tangim
introduction to reconfigurable supercomputing,robert rosenberg;marco lanzagorta;stephen bique
introduction to secure outsourcing computation,xiaofeng chen 0001
introduction to semi-supervised learning,andrew b. goldberg;xiaojin zhu 0001
introduction to smart antennas,constantine a. balanis;panayiotis i. ioannides
introduction to statistics for biomedical engineers,kristina m. ropella
introduction to the finite element method in electromagnetics,anastasis c. polycarpou
introduction to webometrics: quantitative web research for the social sciences,mike thelwall
introductory medical imaging,anil anthony bharath
introductory tiling theory for computer graphics,craig s. kaplan
intuitionistic and type-2 fuzzy logic enhancements in neural and optimization algorithms,patricia melin;oscar castillo 0001;juan martín carpio;fevrier valdez;héctor puga;said melliani;jorge alberto soria-alcaraz;prometeo cortés-antonio;german prado-arechiga;sotir sotirov
inverse obstacle scattering with non-over-determined scattering data,alexander g. ramm
ios press,jens lehmann 0001;johanna völker;martin dzbor;olaf hartig;germano lambert-torres;stefan g. weber;diego collarana vargas;vasile palade;adrian petcu;laurens rietveld
iospress,muhammad saleem 0002
ipk,wolfgang bilger;martin bauer 0010;matthias müller 0010
ipn,peter reinhold
irb-verlag,claus neubauer
irods primer: integrated rule-oriented data system,chien-yi hou;christopher a. lee 0001;sheau-yen chen;bing zhu 0001;reagan moore;arcot rajasekar;antoine de torcy;wayne schroeder;michael wan;paul tooby
isle,maik schumann;marcus müller 0002;rico nestler
issues and challenges in artificial intelligence,saulius sinkevicius;kestas rimkus;zdzislaw s. hippe;arunas lipnickas;zied elouedi;abir smiti;stanislawa kluska-nawarecka;rimah amami;tomas potuzak;stefan kilyeni
italian natural language processing within the parli project,cristina bosco;danilo croce;roberto basili 0001;rodolfo delmonte;simone filice;maria simi;anita alicante;anna corazza;roberto zanoli;alessandro mazzei
iwbs,birgit wesche;kurt eberle
iwr,joachim harig
j. b. metzler,christian eichhorn 0001
jacobs,andreas jusek;friedrich ackermann
joint source channel coding using arithmetic codes,michael w. hoffman;dongsheng bi;khalid sayood
joint source-channel video transmission,fan zhai;aggelos k. katsaggelos
jordan canonical form: application to differential equations,steven h. weintraub
jordan canonical form: theory and practice,steven h. weintraub
jost-jetter,thorsten gurzki;stefan gerlach;jürgen matthes;oliver kelkar;hans-martin dudenhausen;fabian kempf;jörg dahlkemper;thomas brandl;andrea hiller;volker beck
jr-verlag,sven-olaf krauss;thomas romeyke
judgement and the epistemic foundation of logic,göran sundholm;johan blok;jeremy j. kelly;arnaud dewalque;della rocca michael;elodie cassan;per martin-löf;stefan roski;robin d. rollinger
judgment aggregation: a primer,davide grossi;gabriella pigozzi
juris-dr. und verlag,daniel e. maurer
just technology,thomas j. siller;gearold johnson
jülich forschungszentrum,salem el sayed mohamed
kamloth,lutz-peter kurdelski;klemens heidland
kassel univ. press,nermin brgulja;martin früchtl;boris a. bischof;daniel faßhauer;bernd niklas klein;ossmane krini
kassel university press,thomas glotzbach 0002;dominic groß;axel hoffmann;mohammad ullah khan;feyyat kaymaz;mark bedner;zamira angélica daw pérez;pavan kumar pendli;andreas siemon;evzudin ugljesa
kernforschungszentrum,karl-albrecht ricken
key issues regarding digital libraries: evaluation and integration,rao shen;marcos andré gonçalves;edward a. fox
keyword search in databases,lu qin;jeffrey xu yu;lijun chang
kieler wissenschaftsverlag vauk,hartmut wiedey;annerose jung
kirsch,peter dondl
kirschbaum,dirk findeisen
kit scientific publ.,martin jaensch;bernhard heep;alexander bachmann 0001;raphael diziol;andreas lochbihler;lars völker;christian frese;oussama jarrousse;jochen furthmüller;ioana gheta
kit scientific publishing,martin klemm;benjamin noack;sebastian röhl;andreas drescher;stefan hellfeld;christoph rathfelder;bernd kitt;fabian rigoll;andreas c. sonnenbichler;jürgen moßgraber
klartext-verlag,heinz-dieter kantel
kleine,jutta pokorny
klinkenberg,stefan rolauffs;michael f. mlynski
kluwer,abdelsalam helal;jian pei;gerald j. kowalski;james ze wang;mohan s. kankanhalli;alex alves freitas;michal batko;antonio badia;vipul kashyap;magdy a. ahmed
knapp,hugo godschalk
knirsch,sabine gillner
knowledge discovery enhanced with semantic and social information,floriana esposito;frank puppe;marek nekvasil;francesco ricci 0001;linas baltrunas;vojtech svátek;agnieszka lawrynowicz;nicola fanizzi;eva klien;dusan rak
knowledge graphs and big data processing,damien graux;maria-esther vidal;sahar vahdati;marko jelic;valentina janev;dea pujic;hajira jabeen;emanuel sallinger;luigi bellomarini;marko c. batic
knowledge graphs for explainable artificial intelligence,shruthi chari;daniel m. gruen;oshani seneviratne;pasquale minervini;axel-cyrille ngonga ngomo;deborah l. mcguinness;matteo palmonari;jeff z. pan;jiewen wu;federico bianchi
knowledge management (km) processes in organizations: theoretical foundations and practice,michael e. d. koenig;claire r. mcinerney
knowledge management and organizational learning,henk hadders;niels r. faber;rené j. jorna;line gry knudsen;marie-laure watrinet;william r. king;frank land;lori n. k. leonard;iris a. junglas;meliha handzic
kohler,jens hanker
kohlhammer,anne-kathrin lück
kopaed,marion brüggemann
kovac,matthias dorfner
kovac, hamburg, germany,carsten bange
kovać,lüder tecklenburg;thomas pálffy;peter e. h. hofmann
kovač,stephan langer;maria kalsperger;maximilian reiter;sönke gold;dirk hoppen;frank rabe;andreas geppert;klaus bischoff-schilke;rainer fehling;uwe langer
krausskopf,bernd brodbeck
krehl,marco tilgner;elke heck;arnulf mester;peter nordin;peter kemper;karin erni
kriminalistik-verlag,karlheinz merten
kölner wissenschafts-verlag,florian obergrusberger
königshausen und neumann,jasmin b. franz;ralf müller
köster,ingo hormes;xiuzi ye;bertin onfouenene;jürgen koch;katrin rosenke;karsten röpke;andreas müller 0019;budi ibrahim;mansor mansori;wen-liang su
kühner,thomas koch 0004
ladewig,heinrich p. godbersen
landmarking and segmentation of 3d ct images,rangaraj m. rangayyan;graham s. boag;shantanu banik
lang,rudolf wittgen;yvonne dittrich;barbara jesser;andré marc uhlmann;eberhard weiß;thomas zimmerer;jochem piontek;hans-gerd röwer;heike hänlein;uwe m. seidel
language technology for cultural heritage,petya osenova;michal richter;carsten ehrler;nils reiter;julio rodrigues;thomas kappler;rené witte;thierry declerck;alejandro h. toselli;gregory r. crane
language, games, and evolution,anton benz;robert van rooij;kris de jaegher;kevin j. s. zollman;brady clark;patrick grim;thomas c. scott-phillips;eyal sagi;tikitu de jager;james sneed german
large-scale visual geo-localization,richard szeliski;yunpeng li;daniel p. huttenlocher;mayank bansal;bart thomee;james c. hoe;kostas daniilidis;andrew zhai;noah snavely;asaad hakeem
latency and distortion of electromagnetic trackers for augmented reality systems,henry himberg;yuichi motai
latent semantic mapping,jerome r. bellegarda
layout techniques for mosfets,salvador pinillos gimenez
lbl technical report,frank olken
learning and decision-making from rank data,lirong xia
learning classifier systems in data mining,larry bull;ester bernadó-mansilla;albert orriols-puig;john h. holmes;raman k. mehra;hussein a. abbass;jonathan d. hirst;hai huong dam;avinash gandhe;jorge casillas
learning in communities,john m. carroll;volker wulf;gerhard fischer;mary beth rosson;markus rohde;umer farooq;lynette kvasny;murali venkatesh;andrea l. kavanaugh;ann peterson bishop
learning programming using matlab,khalid sayood
learning structure and schemas from documents,hui yang 0002;gianmaria silvello;vilas ketkar;alfredo cuzzocrea;floriana esposito;nicola ferro 0001;daniele grignani;eloisa vargiu;pasquale savino;pawel j. jastreboff
learning to rank for information retrieval and natural language processing, second edition,hang li 0001
learning with support vector machines,colin campbell;yiming ying
lectures on financial mathematics: discrete asset pricing,alec n. kercheval;greg anderson 0002
lectures on runtime verification,yliès falcone;giles reger;adrian francalanza;ezio bartocci;leonardo mariani;joão m. lourenço;jorge a. pérez;klaus havelund;jyotirmoy v. deshmukh;saikat saha
lehrstuhl für verkehrstechnik, techn. univ. münchen,yining li
leibniz: what kind of rationalist?,marcelo dascal;evelyn vargas;hartmut rudolph;hans poser;herbert breger;philip beeley;pol boucher;marta de mendonça;alexandre thiercelin;patrick riley
les relations spatiales,maude manouvrier;robert laurini;marta rukoz;jamal atif;xiyan he;isabelle bloch;céline hudelot;pierre beauseroy;eliseo clementini;valérie gouet-brunet
leske und budrich,gabriele winker
leuchtturm-verlag,andreas höpken
libraries and the semantic web,keith p. deweese;dan segal
library linked data in the cloud: oclc's experiments with new models of resource description,jeffrey k. mixter;carol jean godby;shenghui wang
libri books on demand,thomas waschulzik;asif masum
libris books on demand,matthias werner 0001
life-like characters,berardina de carolis;mitsuru ishizuka;helmut prendinger;thomas rist;michael mateas;simon beard;catherine pelachaud;hiroshi shimodaira;cees t. visser;fiorella de rosis
lifelong machine learning,bing liu 0001;zhiyuan chen 0001
light field sampling,cha zhang;tsuhan chen
lincom europa,martin hoelter;gunnar jacobson
lincom gmbh,sophia stotz
linde,christian dorninger
linguistic fundamentals for natural language processing: 100 essentials from morphology and syntax,emily m. bender
linkage in evolutionary computation,david e. goldberg;kumara sastry;kiyoshi akama;masaharu munetomo;tian-li yu;saeed bagheri shouraki;pier luca lanzi;davide voltini;zbigniew skolicki;stuart m. allen
linked open data,bert van nuffelen;valentina janev;uros milosevic;ivan ermilov;vojtech svátek;volha bryl;krzysztof wecel;michael martin 0001;soon gill hong;sebastian hellmann
lit,thomas hellmich;jürgen krüll;volker brass;hans-jürgen tomaszewski;olaf winkel;malte schipper;boris börsch;alexander viethen;gongbing shan;klaus gotthardt
local binary patterns,loris nanni;alessandra lumini;matti pietikäinen;sheryl brahnam;esa rahtu;norman poh;james l. crowley;sergio a. orjuela vargas;eystratios g. keramidas;rodrigo verschae
location based services and telecartography,mathias schardt;lucas paletta;alexander almer;josef ringert;patrick morris luley;andreas eichhorn;rudolf pailer;tapani sarjakoski;colin calder;peter williams
location systems,anthony lamarca;eyal de lara
logic and the modalities in the twentieth century,peter øhrstrøm;per f. v. hasle;john woods 0001;jan van eijck;erik c. w. krabbe;paul gochet;paul mcnamara;robert goldblatt;dov m. gabbay;e. pascal gribomont
logic from russell to church,john woods 0001;alasdair urquhart;juliette kennedy;serge autexier;felice cardone;hao wang 0001;jonathan p. seldin;keith simmons;dov m. gabbay;andrew david irvine
logic, epistemology, and the unity of science,ahti-veikko pietarinen;john woods 0001;kent a. peacock;gerhard heinzmann;john bickle;jan jaspars;mehrnouche sadrzadeh;juan manuel torres;heinrich wansing;bob coecke
logic, thought and action,daniel vanderveken;john r. searle;nuel belnap;andré leclerc;shahid rahman;jordan howard sobel;paul gochet;ahti-veikko pietarinen;michel ghins;raimo tuomela
logic: a history of its central concepts,daniel bonevac;francis jeffry pelletier;john woods 0001;storrs mccall;conrad asmus;twan laan;allen p. hazen;dov m. gabbay;greg restall;simo knuuttila
logics and languages for reliability and security,keqin li 0002;michael luttenberger;radhia cousot;andrew d. gordon;xavier leroy;patrick cousot;c.-h. luke ong;antonín kucera 0001;andrei sabelfeld;cédric fournet
logos,lothar wendehals;tobias lentz;karin quaas;peter ebinger;kai niklas;korbinian thomas riedhammer;stephan krenn;tassilo horn;eric slottke;bernhard schindlbeck
logos verlag,chen li 0022;christian feinen;alexander novotny;raphael thomas livius rolny;stefan gärtner 0001;tao jiang 0014;constantin houy;georg s. seyboth;jingbo wu;stephan kiesling
logos verlag berlin,eric m. s. p. veith;markus reiter;diane cleij;michael heilemann;jil klünder;nico link;thanh cam an nguyen
logos verlag berlin gmbh,maria gröger;mirco schönfeld;zeyd boukhers;sierk fiebig;raphael pham;tobias beisel;farzin ghorban;saman bazrafshan;juan rafael orozco-arroyave;florian hönig
logos-verlag,markus von der heyde;daniel bildhauer;andreas mailänder;clemens grelck;victor j. pollara;jürgen zimmermann 0003;max tuengerthal;christoph bauer;pierre frenzel;julia fischer
logos-verlag, berlin,bixia wu
lohmar, cologne, germany,monique janneck
low substrate temperature modeling outlook of scaled n-mosfet,nabil shovon ashraf
lung sounds,leontios j. hadjileontiadis
lying by approximation: the truth about finite element analysis,vincent c. prantil;christopher papadopoulos;paul d. gessler
m und p, verlag für wiss. und forschung,clemens kelders;stephanie schmidt;richard geibel
m und p, verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,martina schäfer;carsten uthoff;mona sarkis
m. herzog,michael herzog
machine learning and robot perception,ramón barber;mohammed yeasin;hamid krim;mario mata;anthony j. yezzi;guilherme n. desouza;kazuyuki aihara;johnny park;ning xi;masataka watanabe
machine learning for computer vision,roberto cipolla;ryan p. adams;andrea cavallaro;paolo zani;kristen grauman;brendan j. frey;rob fergus;jeroen c. chua;mat cook;oliver j. woodford
machine learning for health informatics,andreas holzinger;nada lavrac;chloé-agathe azencott;bernd malle;clayton r. pereira;monica chaudhari;matic perovsek;yike guo;aryya gangopadhyay;sebastian büttner
machine learning in document analysis and recognition,david s. doermann;hiromichi fujisawa;venu govindaraju;stefan jaeger 0001;horst bunke;sergey tulyakov;simone marinai;sriharsha veeramachaneni;dorothea blostein;donato malerba
machine learning in healthcare informatics,u. rajendra acharya;samanta rosati;ajoy kumar ray;gabriella balestra;filippo molinari;roshan joy martis;chandan chakraborty;wenwei yu;shahram ebadollahi;y. xiao
machine learning paradigms,aboul ella hassanien;maria virvou;akrivi krouska;george a. tsihrintzis;mohamed issa;ali wagdy mohamed;christos troussas;efthimios alepis;fatima zohra laallam;george a. gravvanis
machine learning techniques for multimedia,pádraig cunningham;matthieu cord;simon p. wilson 0001;roberto valenti;thomas lidy;julien fauqueur;andreas rauber;rozenn dahyot;philippe henri gosselin;derya ozkan
macrotask crowdsourcing,lionel p. robert jr.;ujwal gadiraju;benjamim fonseca;simon mcveigh;christina bashford;niels van berkel;andy lloyd;shoaib jameel;ioanna lykourentzou;roelof anne jelle de vries
mainz,andreas j. winter 0001;ralph splanemann;roland baumann;sebastian ritz;michaela frielinghaus-turowski;thomas scheermesser;peter jens borges;karim roger kremer;jan-werner zahlmann-nowitzki;dietmar petras
making claims,d. scott mccrickard
malware detection,pradeep k. khosla;vern paxson;mihai christodorescu;stuart staniford;brian witten;alessandro orso;shai rubin;david brumley;leendert van doom;stelios sidiroglou
managing and mining graph data,charu c. aggarwal;haixun wang;jiawei han 0001;xifeng yan;koji tsuda;mary mcglohon;ambuj k. singh;nikil wale;hiroto saigo;ning ruan
managing complexity,joseph whitmeyer;moutaz khouja;mirsad hadzikadic;ted carmichael;sean o'brien;min sun;cathy jiao;olufemi a. omitaomu;amar saric;steven j. fernandez
managing event information,ramesh c. jain;amarnath gupta
managing in the information economy,uday m. apte;uday s. karmarkar;eleonora di maria;de liu;xianjun geng;hiranya k. nath;tunay i. tunca;a. mandelli;andrew b. whinston;eric k. clemons
mannhold,rainer asmussen;hartmut krins;bernd meyer 0011
map modern academic publishing,claes neuefeind
map-based mobile services,david c. wilson;michela bertolotto;volker paelke;hassan a. karimi;bonnie mackay;kori inkpen;derek reilly;anthony steed;william cartwright;claus rinner
mapped vector basis functions for electromagnetic integral equations,andrew f. peterson
marchal und matzenbacher,uwe w. geitner;günter marchal;ingrid cox;uwe sertel
marchal-und-matzenbacher-wissenschaftsverlag,karsten-dietmar freimann;arnold holz;christoph weiss;christian jänig
marketing intelligent systems using soft computing,malcolm j. beynon;dong dong;tom hayhurst;albert orriols-puig;eric t. bradlow;david w. stewart;célia da costa pereira;adilson borges;virgilio lópez-morales;wolfgang jank
markov logic: an interface layer for artificial intelligence,pedro m. domingos;daniel lowd
martienss,hans-jürgen eschen;helmar rausch;axel hellmann
massively parallel evolutionary computation on gpgpus,pierre collet;ogier maitre;frédéric krüger;laurent a. baumes;shigeyoshi tsutsui;noriyuki fujimoto;william b. langdon;ajith abraham;geng cui;jan platos
mathematical basics of motion and deformation in computer graphics,ken anjyo;hiroyuki ochiai
mathematical tools for shape analysis and description,silvia biasotti;daniela giorgi;bianca falcidieno;michela spagnuolo
matheuristics,günther r. raidl;leo liberti;sandra ulrich ngueveu;anton v. eremeev;sandro pirkwieser;snezana mitrovic-minic;stefan voß;marco caserta;martin gruber;abraham p. punnen
matlab for engineering and the life sciences,joseph v. tranquillo
matlab software for the code excited linear prediction algorithm: the federal standard-1016,andreas spanias;karthikeyan natesan ramamurthy
matrices in engineering problems,marvin j. tobias
maturing usability,gilbert cockton;effie lai-chong law;philippe a. palanque;scott w. ambler;stephanie rosenbaum;carmen santoro;kasper hornbæk;timo jokela;jan gulliksen;marco winckler
max-planck-inst. für meteorologie,delf neubersch
mbse4u,christian neureiter;benjamin weinert
mbv,haricharan lakshman;svetlana torgasin
mbv, mensch-und-buch-verlag,cornelius hellge
measuring user engagement,heather o'brien;mounia lalmas;elad yom-tov
mechanical testing for the biomechanics engineer,marnie m. saunders
media space 20+ years of mediated life,steve harrison;austin henderson;john c. tang;saul greenberg;paul m. aoki;deborah g. tatar;alison black;margaret h. szymanski;peter h. kahn jr.;keiichi yamazaki
mediaeval and renaissance logic,john marenbon;john woods 0001;henrik lagerlund;terence parsons;earline jennifer ashworth;catarina dutilh novaes;ian wilks;petr dvorak;dov m. gabbay;russell wahl
medical equipment maintenance: management and oversight,binseng wang
medical imaging systems,andreas k. maier;martin berger;yan xia;stefan b. ploner;jens wetzl;sven haase;lina felsner;qiao yang;klaus sembritzki;marc aubreville
mediscript-verlag,alexander lechleuthner
meeting security challenges through data analytics and decision support,robert hakobyan;stepán kopriva;michal pechoucek;gevorg margarov;ondrej vanek;ondrej hrstka;yeghisabet alaverdyan;anahit arshakyan;gayane markarova;ján genci
meisenbach,wolfgang blöchl;markus korneli;hans-martin biehler;thomas collisi;peter steinwasser;thomas stöckel
meisenbach gmbh verlag,mario lusic;johannes kohl
mellin-transform method for integral evaluation,george fikioris
mensch und buch verlag,christian kuhlmann 0003
mensch-und-buch verlag,christian maihöfer
mensch-und-buch-verlag,ullrich hafner;jan köhnlein;martin wolf;heiko schwarz;patrizia iwansky;stefan dieker;maria alejandra lópez vargas;jochen biedermann;karl-michael schneider;annette reutter
mentis, paderborn, germany,holger lyre
merging languages and engineering: partnering across the disciplines,john grandin
meson press,christian heise
meson press eg,luke munn
mesurer et évaluer la qualité des données et des connaissances,christophe rosenberger;baptiste hemery;jérôme azé;pierre naubourg;tarek hamrouni;philippe lenca;maria rifqi;souad bouasker;estelle delpech;stéphane lallich
meta-learning in computational intelligence,krzysztof grabczewski;talib s. hussain;phong nguyen;teresa bernarda ludermir;wlodzislaw duch;joaquin vanschoren;damien françois;pavel kordík;michel verleysen;ricardo bastos cavalcante prudêncio
meta-smith charts and their potential applications,danai torrungrueng
metaheuristics for dynamic optimization,enrique alba;amir nakib;patrick siarry;briseida sarasola;andries petrus engelbrecht;xin yao 0001;thomas a. runkler;mostepha redouane khouadjia;jean-charles créput;mardé helbig
metaheuristics for medicine and biology,amir nakib;devraj mandal;amira kouzana;narjes dogaz;serdar kockanat;atef hamouda;m. yahi;a. m. t. gouicem;abdelmalik taleb-ahmed;s. corniglion
metaheuristics for scheduling in industrial and manufacturing applications,deisemara ferreira;paulo morelato frança;maría pilar tormos;ajith abraham;federico barber;miguel ortega-mier;silvano martello;mehmet emin aydin;reinaldo morabito;mingyan zhao
metaphor: a computational perspective,beata beigman klebanov;ekaterina shutova;tony veale
methods for handling imperfect spatial information,steven schockaert;robert jeansoulin;henri prade;odile papini;kevin loquin;frederick e. petry;eric desjardin;brandon bennett;laurent wendling;isabelle bloch
methods for mining and summarizing text conversations,giuseppe carenini;gabriel murray;raymond t. ng
methods, models and tools for fault tolerance,linas laibinis;alexander b. romanovsky;michael j. butler;zhiming liu 0001;ian j. hayes;sadaf mustafiz;budi arief;alexei lisitsa;pablo f. castro;vyacheslav s. kharchenko
metric learning,amaury habrard;aurélien bellet;marc sebban
metropolis-verlag,martin schleuder
microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part i,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett
microcontroller programming and interfacing texas instruments msp430, part ii,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett
microcontrollers fundamentals for engineers and scientists,daniel j. pack;steven f. barrett
migratory interactive applications for ubiquitous environments,carmen santoro;fabio paternò;björn schindler;alessandro vangelista;rasmus l. olsen;holger klus;miquel martin;giuseppe ghiani;stefano bolli;agnese grasselli
minerva-publ.,volker röske;alexander pocsay
minerva-publikation,peter m. weigert;klaus felten;claus-otto zacharias;hans-otto günther;thomas papke;helmut krcmar;volker brandenburg;margot fälker;joachim bremer;brigitte werners
minerva-publikation saur,gabriele rohr
mining and analyzing social networks,aaron j. quigley;juan manuel adán coello;eddie fuller;travis green;qin wu;ting-lin lee;huo-tsan chang;yingzi jin;loc nguyen;huaiyu (harry) ma
mining and communities: understanding the context of engineering practice,caroline a. baillie;wendy cumming-potvin;rita armstrong
mining complex data,thorsten meinl;andré g. r. balan;shotaro akaho;pavel zezula;emna bahri;kazumi saito;ahmad el sayed;stanislav barton;agnieszka dardzinska;miho ohsaki
mining heterogeneous information networks: principles and methodologies,yizhou sun;jiawei han 0001
mining human mobility in location-based social networks,huiji gao;huan liu 0001
mining latent entity structures,chi wang 0001;jiawei han 0001
mining social networks and security informatics,reda alhajj;brij b. gupta;qinna wang;sara javanmardi;dipankar das 0001;eric fleury;mohammad reza faghani;mick j. ridley;sivaji bandyopadhyay;jiawei han 0001
mining structures of factual knowledge from text,xiang ren;jiawei han 0001
mismatch and noise in modern ic processes,andrew marshall
misslbeck,gerald mißlbeck
mobile big data,george mastorakis;constandinos x. mavromoustakis;tomayess issa;yong li 0008;vera goebel;emmanuel petrakis;spyros panagiotakis;kostas vassilakis;ioannis kopanakis;houbing song
mobile interactions in context,jesper kjeldskov
mobile platform security,elena reshetova;alexandra dmitrienko;stephan heuser;kari kostiainen;n. asokan;lucas vincenzo davi;ahmad-reza sadeghi
mobile platforms and development environments,sumi helal;wendong li;raja bose
mobile robotics for multidisciplinary study,carlotta a. berry
mobile robots,lynne e. parker;raj madhavan;andrew l. nelson;pablo javier alsina;anna helena reali costa;antonio henrique pinto selvatici;olivier chocron;plamen p. angelov;edward grant;dennis barrios-aranibar
mobile search behaviors,dan wu;shaobo liang
mobile tv: customizing content and experience,aaron marcus;riccardo sala;anxo cereijo roibás;jaakko lehikoinen;an jacobs;jussi impiö;hiromi oda;erick lazaro melo;marian florin ursu;gunnar harboe
mobility, data mining and privacy,nikos pelekis;bart kuijpers;elias frentzos;irene ntoutsi;yannis theodoridis;dino pedreschi;vassilios s. verykios;chiara renso;maria luisa damiani;bart moelans
model-based reasoning in science, technology, and medicine,lorenzo magnani;huaxia zhang;sundari krishnamurthy;riccardo dossena;leilei qi;antonella ferrara;wei lu;yuan ren;oliver ray;claude debru
model-driven development of advanced user interfaces,paolo bottoni;emmanuel dubois 0001;hermann kaindl;carmen santoro;david raneburger;guillaume gauffre;jan van den bergh 0001;gerrit meixner;marc seissler;dirk roscher
modeling a ship's ferromagnetic signatures,john j. holmes
modeling and analysis of shape with applications in computer-aided diagnosis of breast cancer,rangaraj m. rangayyan;denise guliato
modeling and data mining in blogosphere,huan liu 0001;nitin agarwal
modeling approaches and algorithms for advanced computer applications,azeddine bilami;lamia berkani;djamel-eddine saïdouni;mourad amad;smail haroun;salem benferhat;mohand boughanem;mostafa el habib daho;boucif amar bensaber;anne-marie déplanche
modeling bipolar power semiconductor devices,jerry l. hudgins;patrick r. palmer;angus t. bryant;enrico santi;tanya k. gachovska
modeling digital switching circuits with linear algebra,mitchell a. thornton
modeling in systems biology, the petri net approach,hiroshi matsuno;ina koch;björn h. junker;satoru miyano;hanna klaudel;simon hardy;jörg ackermann 0001;franck pommereau;l. jason steggles;syed murtuza baker
modeling risk management for resources and environment in china,huimin wang;han xue;feng li;junfei chen;shilun ge;zhi-xiang li;jie yin;ze tian;shan jiang;yuan li
modeling risk management in sustainable construction,zhenyu jin;yun-li gao;xiaoyu wan;maozeng xu;zong-kun li;liwen chen;de-shan tang;bangyin liu;mao-zeng xu;shouqing wang
modeling uncertainties in dc-dc converters with matlab® and plecs®,farzin asadi;sawai pongswatd;trung ngo lam;kei eguchi
modeling, learning, and processing of text technological data structures,harald lüngen;kai-uwe kühnberger;alexander mehler;ulli waltinger;tonio wandmacher;andreas witt;maik stührenberg;henning lobin;angelika storrer;daniela goecke
modell-verlag,rolf drechsler
modelling and control of dialysis systems (1),ahmad taher azar;laura m. roa;josé antonio milán;daniel schneditz;alicja e. grzegorzewska;j. sergio oliva;miguel a. estudillo-valderrama;bernard canaud;alfonso lara;david naranjo-hernández
modelling and control of dialysis systems (2),ahmad taher azar;antonio santoro;elena mancini;michael francis flessner;salvatore di filippo;casper f. m. franssen;silvio giove;mónica balzarini;leila chenine-khoualef;alexandre granger
models of horizontal eye movements, part i,john d. enderle
models of horizontal eye movements, part ii,wei zhou;john d. enderle
models of horizontal eye movements: part 3,alireza ghahari;john d. enderle
models of horizontal eye movements: part 4,alireza ghahari;john d. enderle
models of strategic reasoning,andrés perea;johan van benthem;nils bulling;robert van rooij;jan m. broersen;giacomo bonanno;ramaswamy ramanujam;soumya paul;sunil simon;michael franke
modern advances in intelligent systems and tools,jan treur;muhammad umair;roberto revetria;guido guizzi;catholijn m. jonker;haiping zhu;thomas rens;mark hoogendoorn;vladimir e. tumanov;meng zhang
modern emc analysis techniques volume i,nikolaos v. kantartzis;theodoros d. tsiboukis
modern emc analysis techniques volume ii,nikolaos v. kantartzis;theodoros d. tsiboukis
modern image quality assessment,zhou wang;alan c. bovik
modular ontologies,heiner stuckenschmidt;christine parent;stefano spaccapietra;anne schlicht;luciano serafini;bernardo cuenca grau;carsten lutz;vasant g. honavar;peter haase 0001;boris konev
mohr siebeck,dennis heinson;hannfried leisterer;michael von hinden
monsenstein und vannerdat,maria semenyak;johannes hartz;claudius gläser;toni reichelt
montania-dr.- und verlag-ges.,walter wicke
morgan & claypool publishers,steven f. barrett;rangaraj m. rangayyan;andreas spanias;john d. enderle;caroline a. baillie;george d. catalano;william j. eccles;mahesh k. banavar;daniel j. pack;peter gilkey
moving target defense,michael franz;john c. knight;andrei homescu;pratyusa k. manadhata;todd jackson;angelos d. keromytis;anh nguyen-tuong;stefan brunthaler;krishna kant 0001;jeannette m. wing
mpeg-4 beyond conventional video coding,thomas stockhammer;mihaela van der schaar;deepak s. turaga
mrtd method in electromagnetics,manos m. tentzeris;nathan bushyager
multi-core cache hierarchies,norman p. jouppi;naveen muralimanohar;rajeev balasubramonian
multi-objective evolutionary algorithms for knowledge discovery from databases,christian setzkorn;hisao ishibuchi;isao kuwajima;francisco herrera;rashmin babaria;luis v. santana-quintero;edgar körner;chiranjib bhattacharyya;bernhard sendhoff;jesús alcalá-fdez
multi-objective machine learning,christian igel;gary g. yen;jonathan e. fieldsend;yaochu jin;nobuhiko kondo;joshua d. knowles;roselito de albuquerque teixeira;ester bernadó i mansilla;yang zhang 0007;hanli wang
multi-objective swarm intelligence,satchidananda dehuri;j. anuradha;r. uma rani;davide gadia;b. k. tripathy;ch. aswani kumar;alok kumar jagadev;ivar farup;bhabani shankar prasad mishra;sung-bae cho
multi-objective swarm intelligent system,andries petrus engelbrecht;stefano selleri;marco mussetta;lincheng shen;mardé greeff;carlos a. coello coello;ricardo perera;juan carlos fuentes cabrera;xiaohua huo;yifeng niu
multi-pitch estimation,andreas jakobsson;mads græsbøll christensen
multi-point interaction with real and virtual objects,massimo bergamasco;nancy s. pollard;probal mitra;domenico prattichizzo;nicola sgambelluri;hanifa dostmohamed;danny m. kaufman;luigi biagiotti;allison m. okamura;simone marcheschi
multi-source, multilingual information extraction and summarization,roman yangarber;horacio saggion;robert j. gaizauskas;laura plaza;inderjeet mani;paul mcnamee;aurélien bossard;ralph grishman;david martins de matos;mian du
multiagent systems and applications - volume 1,lars braubach;alexander pokahr;stefano galzarano;milan vidakovic;jirí vokrínek;michal cáp;kostas stathis;zoran budimac;dejan mitrovic;mirjana ivanovic
multiantenna systems for mimo communications,jordi romeu;lluis jofre;franco de flaviis;alfred grau
multicon-verlag,sven van der meer
multicore processors and systems,stephen w. keckler;arvind saraf;robert t. golla;h. peter hofstee;bratin saha;michael bedford taylor;gurindar s. sohi;doug burger;nathan shnidman;sriram vangal
multiculturalism and information and communication technology,madelyn sanfilippo;pnina fichman
multidimensional databases and data warehousing,torben bach pedersen;christian s. jensen;christian thomsen 0001
multidimensional mining of massive text data,chao zhang 0014;jiawei han 0001
multimedia analysis, processing and communications,dacheng tao;xinbo gao;xuelong li;ebroul izquierdo;larry s. davis;philip bateman;lawrence chun-man mak;michael crouch;paul kuo;gerald schaefer
multimedia information retrieval,stefan m. rüger
multimodal corpora,magnus magnusson;birgit endrass;han sloetjes;yasuhiro katagiri;isabella poggi;wieneke wesseling;yosuke matsusaka;gaëlle ferré;massimo poesio;laura vincze
multimodal imaging in neurology: special focus on mri applications and meg,jan kassubek;hans-peter müller
multimodal interaction in image and video applications,ramón alberto mollineda cárdenas;nicolas pérez de la blanca;javier ortells;joan mas;iván huerta;josep m. gonfaus;santi seguí;anais garrell;daniel ponsa;aggelos k. katsaggelos
multipath effects in gps receivers,steven r. miller;andreas spanias;xue zhang 0002
multiple valued logic,mitchell a. thornton;d. michael miller
multithreading architecture,mario nemirovsky;dean m. tullsen
mvk, medien-verlag köhler,jochen nagel
müller,felix iblher
müller botermann,tilman driessen;günter peters;carsten müller 0002;rainer kutzner;dieter euler;dieter zischek
müller, jur. verlag,frank moszka
narrowband direction of arrival estimation for antenna arrays,mahesh k. banavar;jeffrey a. foutz;andreas spanias
natural computing in computational finance,michael o'neill 0001;anthony brabazon;david edelman;anna esparcia-alcázar;andreas krause 0002;ronald hochreiter;robert schaefer;pawel hajto;célia da costa pereira;biliana alexandrova-kabadjova
natural computing in computational finance (4),shu-heng chen;dietmar maringer;alexandros agapitos;michael o'neill 0001;anthony brabazon;abhinav goyal 0002;clíodhna tuite;tina yu;tikesh ramtohul;edward p. k. tsang
natural intelligence for scheduling, planning and packing problems,david cornforth;alexander podlich;enrique alba;abdelwaheb rebaï;guillermo leguizamón;d. luper;bülent çatay;mansour eddaly;ajoy kumar palit;max martin
natural language data management and interfaces,yunyao li 0001;davood rafiei
natural language processing for social media,diana inkpen;atefeh farzindar
natural language processing for social media, second edition,diana inkpen;atefeh farzindar
natural language processing for the semantic web,diana maynard;kalina bontcheva;isabelle augenstein
nature's principles,jan faye;lars-göran johansson;uwe meixner;paul needham;uwe scheffler;mauro dorato;max p. urchs;geert keil;gerhard schurz;henrik hallsten
nature-inspired algorithms for optimisation,antonio j. nebro;thomas weise 0001;efrén mezura-montes;raymond chiong;tom lenaerts;luis v. santana-quintero;dirk v. arnold;ying tan;carmelo j. a. bastos filho;juan josé durillo
nature-inspired computation in data mining and machine learning,mohamed alloghani;abir hussain;dhiya al-jumeily;ahmed j. aljaaf;jamila mustafina;thar baker;k. p. soman;g. remmiya devi;haruto nakai;leandro aparecido passos
nature-inspired computation in engineering,xin-she yang 0001;abdellah salhi;fernando díaz 0001;eneko osaba;nunzia palmieri;marwa sharawi;aziz ouaarab;haijiang li;iztok fister 0001;eid emary
nature-inspired design of hybrid intelligent systems,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;fevrier valdez;juan r. castro;jorge alberto soria-alcaraz;juan martín carpio valadez;josé soria;héctor puga;laura cruz reyes;héctor joaquín fraire huacuja
nature-inspired optimizers,seyedali mirjalili;hossam faris;ibrahim aljarah;ali asghar heidari;jin song dong;majdi m. mafarja;shahrzad saremi;seyedeh zahra mirjalili;seyed mohammad mirjalili;andrew lewis
near field communication: recent developments and library implications,sheli mchugh;kristen yarmey
needs and feasibility: a guide for engineers in community projects,caroline a. baillie;eric feinblatt;thimothy thamae;emily berrington
negative quantum channels,james m. mccracken
network games: theory, models, and dynamics,asuman e. ozdaglar;ishai menache
network science and cybersecurity,robinson e. pino;garrett s. rose;bryant t. wysocki;nathan r. mcdonald;dhireesha kudithipudi;fabio persia;yan m. yufik;sushil jajodia;tarek m. taha;arthur h. edwards
network simulation,richard m. fujimoto;kalyan s. perumalla;george f. riley
network topology and fault-tolerant consensus,lewis tseng;dimitris sakavalas
networked knowledge - networked media - integrating knowledge management,uwe v. riss;stefanie n. lindstaedt;sören auer;jörg niesenhaus;roman kern;albert weichselbraun;paul h. lewis;peter c. lockemann;bo hu 0001;andreas p. schmidt
neural interfacing: forging the human-machine connection,susanne d. coates
neural networks: tricks of the trade (2nd ed.),klaus-robert müller;grégoire montavon;ronan collobert;hans-georg zimmermann;tony plate;yann lecun;léon bottou;gary william flake;c. lee giles;ury naftaly
new approaches in intelligent control,jair minoro abe;seiki akama;kazumi nakamatsu;madalina carbureanu;alireza ahrary;stuart h. rubin;ahmed s. eldessouky;adel m. sharaf;abdelazeem a. abdelsalam;elena simona nicoara
new approaches in intelligent image analysis,roumen kountchev;ferenc emil mózes;abdel-badeeh m. salem;alexander bekiarski;volodymyr v. kudriashov;veska m. georgieva;vladimir kanchev;victoria l. fox;lakhmi c. jain;wael h. khalifa
new challenges in applied intelligence technologies,tokuro matsuo;takayuki ito;mikito kobayashi;juan antonio gómez pulido;reza tavakkoli-moghaddam;fumiaki minami;masoud rabbani;juan manuel sánchez-pérez;miguel a. vega-rodríguez;m. carmen garrido
new concepts and applications in soft computing,tudor barbu;adrian ciobanu;mihaela costin;mihai dersidan;iulia m. motoc;flavius-maxim petcut;jános botzheim;toma-leonida dragomir;viorel nicolau;alex tormási
new concepts in digital reference,r. david lankes
new developments in formal languages and applications,giorgio satta;carsten damm;martin kutrib;maciej koutny;maxime crochemore;jetty kleijn;mark-jan nederhof;andrew neel;thierry lecroq;max h. garzon
new directions in intelligent interactive multimedia,george a. tsihrintzis;maria virvou;jair minoro abe;seiki akama;aristomenis s. lampropoulos;kazumi nakamatsu;hyoung j. jang;ilyas potamitis;anastasia n. kastania;nikos fakotakis
new directions in third wave human-computer interaction (1),michael filimowicz;jens edlund;jennifer pickles;visda goudarzi;gert pasman;marco c. rozendaal;daniel r. southwick;veronika tzankova;mikael wiberg;mark barlet
new directions in third wave human-computer interaction (2),michael filimowicz;duncan p. brumby;alethea blackler;anna l. cox;heather l. o'brien;yves candau;veronika tzankova;karen tanenbaum;christopher power;oksana zelenko
new directions in web data management 1,athena vakali;steffen staab;giovanna guerrini;david webster;marios d. dikaiakos;anastasios gounaris;leonidas akritidis;lu liu 0001;george pallis;emilia mendes
new prospects of integrating low substrate temperatures with scaling-sustained device architectural innovation,nabil shovon ashraf;shawon alam;mohaiminul alam
new trends in agent-based complex automated negotiations,sarit kraus;raz lin;katsuhide fujita;takayuki ito;gheorghe cosmin silaghi;niels van galen last;fenghui ren;tokuro matsuo;thomas schoene;koen v. hindriks
new trends in computational collective intelligence,jason j. jung;seung-bo park;ngoc thanh nguyen;van nhon do;laksono kurnianggoro;aneta gadek-moszczak;tsai-duan lin;ahmet cüneyd tantug;khu phi nguyen;david camacho
new trends in data warehousing and data analysis,olivier teste;franck ravat;torben bach pedersen;arie shoshani;bart kuijpers;valéria cesário times;alkis simitsis;rafael leão da fonseca;robson do nascimento fidalgo;maguelonne teisseire
new trends in intelligent information and database systems,vladimir sobeslav;ali selamat;camelia delcea;aldona drabik;adam switonski;josef horalek;marek penhaker;henryk josinski;konrad w. wojciechowski;ramona paun
new trends in multimedia and network information systems,marcin gorawski;andrzej sieminski;przemyslaw kazienko;bogdan trawinski;dariusz król 0001;hristo tanev;lothar lemnitzer;adam switonski;adrianna kozierkiewicz;mateusz lenar
new trends of research in ontologies and lexical resources,alessandro oltramari;john p. mccrae;piek vossen;philipp cimiano;christian girardi;hristo tanev;marjorie mcshane;german rigau;vincenzo lombardo;jacky montmain
next frontier in agent-based complex automated negotiation,naoki fukuta;katsuhide fujita;sarit kraus;vincent j. koeman;keisuke hara;simon miles;inon zuckerman;madalin dumitru-guzu;valeriia haberland;takafumi ishikawa
next generation data technologies for collective computational intelligence,natalia kryvinska;christine strauss;eva kühn;lukas auer;symeon papadopoulos;simon polovina;r. badlishah ahmad;silvana castano;othman sidek;elpiniki i. papageorgiou
nicso,lenka lhotská;ezequiel a. di paolo;chi zhou;dimitri petritis;xiao-bing hu;danilo pani;peter c. nelson;thomas e. potok;xiaohui cui;kwok yip szeto
niemeyer,hans ulrich block;stefan eherer;immo wegner;stefan c. kaufmann;nico weber;norbert bröker;manfred thiel;magdalena zoeppritz;dagmar schmauks;horst lohnstein
nlp of semitic languages,shuly wintner;lamia hadrich belguith;kareem darwish;michael gasser;mona t. diab;hong-kwang kuo;brian kingsbury;maher jaoua;ilana heintz;imed zitouni
node localization in wireless sensor networks,mahesh k. banavar;cihan tepedelenlioglu;andreas spanias;xue zhang 0002
noise and torsional vibration analysis of hybrid vehicles,yanjun huang;yechen qin;xiaolin tang;hong wang 0014
nomos,florian jotzo;abel reiberg;cornelia wolf;jochen feldle;julia hauck
nomos verlagsgesellschaft mbh & co. kg,julia dornbusch;katharina bräunlich;peter schneidereit;justin grapentin
nomos-verlag-ges.,martin ruppelt;carsten intveen;yong-hui yi;hyo-jil ahn;josef mehrings;bernhard hoffmann;frank diedrich;herbert burkert;malte sievers;reinhard ellger
nomos-verlag-gesellschaft,susanne stürmer
nomos-verlagsgesellschaft,michael bergmann
non-volatile in-memory computing by spintronics,hao yu 0001;yuhao wang 0002;leibin ni
non-volatile memory database management systems,joy arulraj;andrew pavlo
nonimaging optics in solar energy,joseph j. o'gallagher
nonlinear dynamics in human behavior,viktor k. jirsa;thomas ditzinger;gregor schöner;armin fuchs;leonardo lancia;raoul huys;noël nguyen;betty tuller;frédéric danion;howard s. hock
nonlinear source separation,luís b. almeida
norderstedt, germany,vitalian a. danciu
novel insights in agent-based complex automated negotiation,takayuki ito;catholijn m. jonker;mark hendrikx;koen v. hindriks;reyhan aydogan;alexander dirkzwager;fenghui ren;ho-fung leung;shota morii;miguel a. lópez-carmona
ns simulator for beginners,eitan altman;tania jiménez
numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 1,younes salehi;william e. schiesser
numerical integration of space fractional partial differential equations: vol 2,younes salehi;william e. schiesser
numerical methods for linear complementarity problems in physics-based animation,sarah niebe;kenny erleben
o. schmidt,thomas stapperfend;matthias scholz;mark michael könig;bernd bösert;andreas pres;hans michael malzer
ofdm systems for wireless communications,mahesh k. banavar;cihan tepedelenlioglu;adarsh b. narasimhamurthy
oiwir, oldenburger verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,stefan flöring
oldenbourg,roland dietrich;susann sonntag;bernhard schölkopf;jochen burghardt;dirk elias;markus endler;michael gehrke;lutz eichler;michael tschichholz;ashutosh malaviya
oldenbourg verlag,waltraud häckl
oldenburg,wolfgang joppich
olms,christa womser-hacker;alain hsiung;gerda ruge;jutta marx;klaus-dirk schmitz;gerhard pfeiffer-jäger;mohamed badawi;pius ten hacken
olwir verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,andreas löcken;uwe grünefeld;jochen meyer 0001;thomas vogelgesang 0001;tobias krahn;shadan sadeghian borojeni;cornelius steinbrink;chandan kumar;jutta fortmann;andrii matviienko
olwir, oldenburger verlag fuuml;r wirtschaft, informatik und recht,jonas jacobi
olwir, oldenburger verlag für wirtschaft, informatik und recht,matthias mertens;benjamin poppinga;florian fortmann;christian lüpkes;tim grönemeyer;martin pielot;tobias hesselmann;christian dänekas;philipp sandhaus;oliver norkus
on logical, algebraic, and probabilistic aspects of fuzzy set theory,javier fernández 0002;andrea stupnanová;carlo sempi;siegfried gottwald;miguel pagola;michel grabisch;edurne barrenechea;ronald r. yager;anna kolesárová;andrea mesiarová-zemánková
on the design of game-playing agents,daniel ashlock;eun-youn kim
on the efficient determination of most near neighbors,mark s. manasse
on the power of fuzzy markup language,chang-shing lee;mei-hui wang;hani hagras;giovanni acampora;vincenzo loia;hui-min wang;ming-kai su;autilia vitiello;hui-hua cheng;bort-hung lin
on transactional concurrency control,goetz graefe
on uncertain graphs,arijit khan;yuan ye;lei chen 0002
on-chip networks,natalie d. enright jerger;li-shiuan peh
online multiplayer games,william sims bainbridge
online social media analysis and visualization,bettina berendt;jun ito;philip s. yu;xufei wang;behrouz h. far;debanjan mahata;jalal s. alowibdi;andreas harrer;peng zhang 0017;alexandru topirceanu
online worlds: convergence of the real and the virtual,william sims bainbridge;wayne g. lutters;diana r. rhoten;dmitri williams;walt scacchi;jane barnett;henry kelly;martin r. gibbs;jakob j. assmann;isabell m. welpe
ontologies for urban development,jacques teller;claudine métral;ola ahlqvist;javier nogueras-iso;asunción gómez-pérez;françois golay;roland billen;gilles falquet;emmanuelle pellegrino;mathieu vonlanthen
ontology engineering,elisa f. kendall;deborah l. mcguinness
ontology learning and population,massimo poesio;steffen staab;pablo castells;enrique alfonseca;manabu okumura;diana maynard;paola velardi;marco pennacchiotti;aldo gangemi;jasmin saric
ontology, epistemology, and teleology for modeling and simulation,andreas tolk;levent yilmaz;tuncer i. ören;nicholas geard;christopher partridge;marko a. hofmann;andy mitchell;andrew j. collins;klaus g. troitzsch;scott a. douglass
ontology-based interpretation of natural language,john p. mccrae;christina unger;philipp cimiano
open data,céline alec;brigitte laboisse;sylvaine nugier;delphine barrau;nathalie barthélémy;branislav meszaros;brigitte safar;sonia guérin-hamdi;chantal reynaud-delaître;virginie thion
open data for education,alexander mikroyannidis;marieke guy;anna sakoyan;olga parkhimovich;barry norton;maria maleshkova;elena simperl;dmitry mouromtsev;john domingue;robert lee
openstreetmap in giscience,peter mooney;alexander zipf;jamal jokar arsanjani;peyman hashemi;guillaume gales;guillaume touya;afra j. mashhadi;veha la;jorge gil;dominik kremer
operating system security,trent jaeger
oppositional concepts in computational intelligence,hamid r. tizhoosh;mario ventresca;shahryar rahnamayan;alice r. malisia;maryam shokri;farhang sahba;mohamed s. kamel;lei shi 0016;h. jaap van den herik;alexandre miguel pinto
optical interconnects,chulchae choi;ray t. chen
optimization and mathematical modeling in computer architecture,david a. wood 0001;karu sankaralingam;michael c. ferris;nilay vaish;tony nowatzki;cristian estan
optimus-verlag,dominik dietrich;daniel bayer
oral communication excellence for engineers and scientists,judith shaul norback
otto neurath and the unity of science,thomas bonk;gabriele contessa;hossein sheykh rezaee;olga pombo;daniel andler;juan manuel torres;sheldon steed;jan wolenski;jan sebestik;atocha aliseda-llera
out of the comfort zone,lisbeth borbye
outlier detection for temporal data,manish gupta 0001;jing gao 0004;charu c. aggarwal;jiawei han 0001
p und h,wolfgang vahrson;bernd kasprzak
pabst,sonja utz
pabst science publ.,thomas rodenhausen
pabst science publishers,meinald t. thielsch
packets with deadlines: a framework for real-time wireless networks,p. r. kumar;i-hong hou
pad-verlag,ludger humbert
papierflieger,frank drews;silke lechtenberg;thomas lehmann 0005;rainer lachner;michael nicolaou;andreas große;michael david;arnd löbbert;carsten beuthel;shangping xu
papierflieger verlag,xiaoshuo li
papierflieger verlag gmbh,ali hashemifarzad;opeyemi olaoluwa bello;benjamin kormann;wiebke klünder
papierflieger-verlag,carsten giesemann;nils bulling;hannes olivier;frank loll
paraconsistency: logic and applications,marcelo e. coniglio;ross t. brady;yue chen;francesco berto;andrzej pietruszczak;dominic hyde;michèle friend;greg restall;walid e. gomaa;david ripley
paraconsistent intelligent-based systems,jair minoro abe;cláudio rodrigo torres;kazumi nakamatsu;joão inácio da silva filho;maurício conceição mário;seiki akama;irapajy da silva caetano;euro de barros couto junior;fábio romeu de carvalho;paulo henrique ferraz masotti
parallel and distributed computational intelligence,francisco fernández de vega;daniel lombraña gonzalez;nouredine melab;william b. langdon;ignacio robles;francisco herrera;k. a. iskra;abhishek verma;carlos a. varela;lam thu bui
parallel architectures and bioinspired algorithms,francisco fernández de vega;josé ignacio hidalgo;iván contreras;eric robinson;daniele codecasa;william b. langdon;gustavo olague;marek rucinski;julie mullen;sanjeev mohindra
parallel evolutionary computations,enrique alba;juan antonio gómez pulido;nouredine melab;nadia nedjah;el-ghazali talbi;daniel chu;jeng-shyang pan 0001;juan manuel sánchez-pérez;gabriel luque;manuel rubio del solar
parallel programming, models and applications in grid and p2p systems,fatos xhafa;gustavo camps-valls;stéphane genaud;mitsuhisa sato;siegfried benkner;el-ghazali talbi;leonard barolli;j. anthony gualtieri;jordi pujol ahulló;christos a. yfoulis
parameter setting in evolutionary algorithms,zbigniew michalewicz;dirk thierens;matthew j. byom;tian-li yu;tz-kai lin;mike preuss;jason m. daida;alexander k. hartmann;kenneth dejong;kumara sastry
parey,bernhard hau
partial update least-square adaptive filtering,bei xie;tamal bose
particle swarm optimization,said m. mikki;ahmed a. kishk
path problems in networks,george theodorakopoulos 0001;john s. baras
patient-centered design of cognitive assistive technology for traumatic brain injury telerehabilitation,elliot cole
pattern recognition: architectures, algorithms and applications,réjean plamondon;heng-da cheng;ching y. suen;jin-chang cheng;denis poussart;tsu-wang chen;marc tremblay;mohan m. trivedi;w. dai;robert m. gregorish
pde models for atherosclerosis computer implementation in r,william e. schiesser
peach - intelligent interfaces for museum visits,massimo zancanaro;oliviero stock;cesare rocchi;tsvi kuflik;fabio pianesi;ilenia graziola;adriano albertini;francesco tobia;alessandro cappelletti;dina goren-bar
peer-to-peer data management,karl aberer
perception-based data mining and decision making in economics and finance,leonid sheremetov;ildar z. batyrshin;raúl herrera-avelar;adolfo hernandez;silvia muzzioli;huguette reynaerts;hans e. de meyer;bernard de baets;vitaly schetinin;derek partridge
perceptual issues in visualization,haim levkowitz;ronald m. pickett;georges g. grinstein;janet haswell;r. daniel bergeron;daniel a. keim;william l. hibbard;penny rheingans;stuart smith;florian schröder
performance modeling of communication networks with markov chains,jeonghoon mo
performance modeling, loss networks, and statistical multiplexing,ravi r. mazumdar
performance modeling, stochastic networks, and statistical multiplexing, second edition,ravi r. mazumdar
person re-identification,shaogang gong;marco cristani;chen change loy;timothy m. hospedales;jie ni;wei-shi zheng;tamar avraham;michael lindenbaum;chunxiao liu;fabio roli
personal assistants,paulo novais;teresa coelho moreira;miguel ángel salichs;sandra rute-pérez;miguel j. hornos;steven eliuk;henrique vicente;álvaro castro gonzález;carlos rodríguez-domínguez;cameron upright
personalization techniques and recommender systems,barry smyth;gulden uchyigit;hilary j. holz;andreas geyer-schulz;larry m. manevitz;alexander felfernig;josephine griffith;fabio gasparetti;alessandro micarelli;nikos manouselis
perspectives of neural-symbolic integration,barbara hammer;robert haschke;ekaterina komendantskaya;tayfun gürel;mikael bodén;jochen j. steil;paolo frasconi;stefan rotter;helge j. ritter;fabrizio costa
perspectives on business intelligence,giuseppe carenini;rock anthony leung;patricia c. arocena;eric s. k. yu;rachel pottinger;renée j. miller;raymond t. ng;john mylopoulos;denilson barbosa;stephan jou
perspectives on mathematical practices,dominic peressini;madeline muntersbjorn;reuben hersh;brendan larvor;r. s. d. thomas;andrew aberdein;leone burton;ad meskens;eduard glas;otávio a. s. bueno
pervasive advertising,manfred tscheligi;cees de bont;bernadette emsenhuber;harley lorenz geiger;martin strohbach;jorge c. s. cardoso;gilbert beyer;martin bauer 0001;christian hildebrand;alexander almer
pervasive computing, innovations in intelligent multimedia and applications,juan m. corchado;ajith abraham;javier bajo;antonio liotta;dante i. tapia;florence agboma;luca di gaspero;nalin k. sharda;yanira de paz;ivan lee
pervasive displays,florian alt;nigel davies 0001;sarah clinch
peter lang,jean marguerite jimenez
peter lang edition,peter schildhauer;alexander m. zielonka
peter lang gmbh, internationaler verlag der wissenschaften,lukas scheiber
pfeffer,götz huttel
phase change memory: from devices to systems,bipin rajendran;sudhanva gurumurthi;moinuddin k. qureshi
philosophy and cognitive science,tommaso bertolotti;remo job;leilei qi;dachao li;lorenzo magnani;luís moniz pereira;emanuele bardone;ping li 0010;jun-young oh;huaxia zhang
phonocardiography signal processing,rasha bassam;abbas k. abbas
photonic interconnects: a computer architect's perspective,christopher nitta;matthew k. farrens
physica-verlag,bruno neibecker;cornelius graack;elmar steurer;kathrin baumann;stefan kolb 0003;johannes brunner;jochen schneider 0003;frank blumberg;frank josef brüggemann;tania lorson
physically unclonable functions,christian wachsmann;ahmad-reza sadeghi
physikalisches inst.,michael picard
pirrot,stephan thesing;florian martin 0001;sebastian winkel;jörg bauer 0001;daniel kästner
pl acad. research,sven scheibmayr;lars klimpke;sebastian stuckenberg
pl academic research,isa-dorothe gardiewski
planning with markov decision processes: an ai perspective,mausam;andrey kolobov
pml for computational electromagnetics,jean-pierre bérenger
poeschel,heike simmet-blomberg;matthias wittstock;alexander paufler;klaus-peter schütt;andreas oehler;armin heinzl
pondering on problems of argumentation,andrea rocci;trudy govier;jean goodwin;bart garssen;marianne doury;leo groarke;manfred kraus;peter houtlosser;g. thomas goodnight;a. francisca snoeck henkemans
power electronics for modern wind turbines,frede blaabjerg;zhe chen 0007
power electronics for photovoltaic power systems,dulika nayanasiri;shantha gamini;d. mahinda vilathgamuwa
power-efficient computer architectures: recent advances,margaret martonosi;magnus själander;stefanos kaxiras
practical global illumination with irradiance caching,pascal gautron;jaroslav krivánek
practical signcryption,benoît libert;alexander w. dent;jean-jacques quisquater;noel mccullagh;paulo s. l. m. barreto;tor e. bjørstad;yevgeniy dodis;yuliang zheng;joonsang baek;david pointcheval
pragmatic circuits: dc and time domain,william j. eccles
pragmatic circuits: frequency domain,william j. eccles
pragmatic circuits: signals and filters,william j. eccles
pragmatic electrical engineering: fundamentals,william j. eccles
pragmatic electrical engineering: systems and instruments,william j. eccles
pragmatic logic,william j. eccles
pragmatic power,william j. eccles
precision health and medicine,taishiro kishimoto;masahito sakishita;yoshinobu kano;parminder bhatia;e. busra celikkaya;serguei pakhomov;gordon r. bernard;tae-hyuk ahn;yoko eguchi;jun oda
predicting human decision-making,sarit kraus;ariel rosenfeld
predicting information retrieval performance,robert m. losee
prediction and inference from social networks and social media,shivakant mishra;mustafa poyraz;jalel akaichi;tansel özyer;olivier teste;christos charitonidis;riadh bouslimi;hana hedhli;youssef bouanan;gregory zacharewicz
predictive econometrics and big data,songsak sriboonchitta;woraphon yamaka;vladik kreinovich;tonghui wang;roengchai tansuchat;chukiat chaiboonsri;teerawut teetranont;thongchai dumrongpokaphan;xiaonan zhu;olga kosheleva
preferences and decisions,giulia rotundo;gabriella marcarelli;didier dubois;antonio maturo;robert fullér;gianni bosi;roman slowinski;livia d'apuzzo;cesarino bertini;mario fedrizzi
prelude project,christophe fouqueré;kazushige terui;jeroen groenendijk;grégoire winterstein;floris roelofsen;ronnie cann;alain lecomte;v. michele abrusci;marco romano;michele basaldella
principle and application progress in location-based services,lianbi yao;zhaohui li;hangbin wu;fang zhao 0003;chaode yan;haiyong luo;wang guo;kristin müllan;deng li;yuyang geng
principles of secure processor architecture design,jakub szefer
principles of visual information retrieval,michael s. lew;thomas s. huang;nicu sebe;charles h. frankel;michiel hagedoorn;dwi sutanto;audrey m. tam;john p. eakins;stan sclaroff;erland jungert
prinz publications,andreas prinz 0002
prinz publishing,tobias von bargen
privacy for location-based services,gabriel ghinita
privacy in mobile and pervasive computing,florian schaub;marc langheinrich
privacy in social networks,evimaria terzi;elena zheleva;lise getoor
privacy risk analysis,sourya joyee de;daniel le métayer
privacy-preserving data mining,charu c. aggarwal;philip s. yu;jian pei;yufei tao;nina mishra;wei jiang;shubha u. nabar;aleksandra b. slavkovic;krishnaram kenthapadi;sabrina de capitani di vimercati
privacy-preserving data publishing: an overview,ada wai-chee fu;raymond chi-wing wong
private information retrieval,russell paulet;elisa bertino;xun yi
pro business,tobias unger;kerstin pankewitsch;christian bohn;ira diethelm;sven pfeuffer
pro business, berlin, germany,alexander ziegler
probabilistic and biologically inspired feature representations,michael felsberg
probabilistic approaches to recommendations,nicola barbieri;ettore ritacco;giuseppe manco 0001
probabilistic databases,christoph koch 0001;dan olteanu;christopher ré;dan suciu
probabilistic ranking techniques in relational databases,ihab f. ilyas;mohamed a. soliman
process design for natural scientists,anna-lena lamprecht;tiziana margaria;alexander wickert;franziska noack;christian kuntzsch;janine vierheller;daniel teske;marcel hibbe;christine schütt;monika lis
processor microarchitecture: an implementation perspective,fernando latorre;grigorios magklis;antonio gonzález 0001
production engineering and management under fuzziness,cengiz kahraman;mesut yavuz;ihsan kaya;fatih tüysüz;robert fullér;lionel amodeo;nick s. h. chung;maurizio bevilacqua 0001;pawel zielinski 0001;raul poler
professur systeme der virtuellen realität,andre schollmeyer
profil,christel kumbruck
programming with actors,elisa gonzalez boix;christophe scholliers;wolfgang de meuter;hanspeter mössenböck;souvik barat;roberto casadei;tony clark;raphael hiesgen;carmen torres lopez;vinay kulkarni
progress in applications of boolean functions,jon t. butler;tsutomu sasao
progress in automation, robotics and measuring techniques,bartosz minorowicz;frederik stefanski;amadeusz nowak;roman regulski;andrzej stec;konrad andrzej markowski;krzysztof hryniow;dariusz sedziak;maciej lawrynczuk;piotr owczarek
progress in automation, robotics and measuring techniques (2),pericles a. mitkas;jan wietrzykowski;krzysztof walas;cezary zielinski;adam bondyra;michal nowicki 0001;piotr owczarek;robert glebocki;emmanouil g. tsardoulias;piotr kaczmarek
progress in computer vision and image analysis,javier varona;l. guillon;abbas bigdeli;eva cernadas;mohamed cheriet;luísa ferreira bastos;jordi gonzàlez 0001;francisco josé perales lópez;ramon mas;angel domingo sappa
progress in location-based services,alexander zipf;peter mooney;thomas h. kolbe;cornelia thierbach;padraig corcoran;alexandra lorenz;hongchao fan;nina baur;marcus goetz;sven leitinger
project management for engineering design,joseph lessard;charles s. lessard
projecta-verlag,james p. pflüger
propagation phenomena in real world networks,newton paulo bueno;frantisek capkovic;cai-nicolas ziegler;radoslaw michalski;daniela pohl;ping wang;lei wu;veena b. mendiratta;damian borys;petr musílek
protein-protein interaction networks,nicolas alcaraz;markus list;bernhard schuster;anne hartebrodt;andrey a. ivanov;jinbo xu;jan byska;robin haw;ozlem keskin;ina koch
provenance data in social media,geoffrey barbier;pritam gundecha;huan liu 0001;zhuo feng
provenance: an introduction to prov,luc moreau 0001;paul groth
proxemic interactions,nicolai marquardt;saul greenberg
pspice for analog communications engineering,paul tobin
pspice for circuit theory and electronic devices,paul tobin
pspice for digital communications engineering,paul tobin
pspice for digital signal processing,paul tobin
pspice for filters and transmission lines,paul tobin
psychologie-verlag-union,marcus spies
psz-verlag,harald c. traue
pt-ai,roman v. yampolskiy;john mark bishop;slawomir j. nasuto;nicodemus hallin;anthony f. morse;claudius gros;naveen sundar govindarajulu;raffaela giovagnoli;istvan s. n. berkeley;oscar vilarroya
pzh verlag,justin schmidt;simon kielhöfer;matthias dannenberg;florian podszus;philipp robert gottwald;sebastian tschöpe
pzh-verlag,bastian sauthoff
quality estimation for machine translation,gustavo henrique paetzold;carolina scarton;lucia specia
quality issues in the management of web information,pinar yildirim;michael geier;michela bertolotto;gloria bordogna;andrea ballatore;federico cabitza;klaus-martin simonic;guy de tré;ricardo salmon;gabriella pasi
quality measures in data mining,stéphane lallich;béatrice duval;ansaf salleb;mary felkin;b. shekar;fabrice guillet;pascale kuntz;elie prudhomme;andré totohasina;henri ralambondrainy
quality of protection,dogan kesdogan;lexi pimenidis;davide balzarotti;eric alata;tobias kölsch;van-hau pham;iliano cervesato;birgit pfitzmann;valentina casola;matthias schunter
quality of service in wireless networks over unlicensed spectrum,klara nahrstedt
quantitative information fusion for hydrological sciences,d. w. vasco;shu-guang li;jannis epting;christian regli;geoffrey c. bohling;akhil datta-gupta;qun liu;hao cheng;zhiming lu;linda m. see
quantitative neurophysiology,joseph v. tranquillo
quantum computer science,marco lanzagorta;jeffrey k. uhlmann
quantum computing for computer architects,frederic t. chong;tzvetan s. metodi
quantum computing for computer architects, second edition,frederic t. chong;arvin i. faruque;tzvetan s. metodi
quantum cryptography and computing,sergei ya. kilin;pawel horodecki;alexandra s. sheremet;dmitriy v. kupriyanov;pawel wocjan;oxana s. mishina;sergey andreevich moiseev;alexander p. nizovtsev;alexander l. pushkarchuk;ravindra w. chhajlany
quantum inspired intelligent systems,carlo a. trugenberger;andré vargas abs da cruz;luiza de macedo mourelle;kai fan;chunlin chen;marco aurélio cavalcanti pacheco;james edward steck;ling wang 0001;raheel allauddin;bin-bin li
quantum radar,marco lanzagorta
quantum robotics,stanley lam;ben shih;zhiyang ong;alex mitev;prateek tandon;tanay mehta
quantum walks for computer scientists,salvador elías venegas-andraca
query processing over incomplete databases,yunjun gao;xiaoye miao
query processing over uncertain databases,xiang lian;lei chen 0002
querying graphs,hannes voigt;george h. l. fletcher;nikolay yakovets;angela bonifati
quorum,helmut wilke
r. g. fischer,stefan huschens;christoph philipp schließmann
readbox unipress,sabrina zankl
readbox unipress in der readbox publishing gmbh,björn achtruth
reading and writing the electronic book,catherine c. marshall
real vr,marcus a. magnor;qi sun;christian richardt;gordon wetzstein;anjul patney;adrian hilton;atanas p. gotchev;peter hedman;moritz kappel;amir dini
real-time image and video processing: from research to reality,nasser kehtarnavaz;mark gamadia
real-time massive model rendering,sung-eui yoon;dinesh manocha;enrico gobbetti;david j. kasik
real-time road profile identification and monitoring,yanjun huang;yechen qin;xiaolin tang;hong wang 0014
reasonableness and effectiveness in argumentative discourse,frans h. van eemeren;peter houtlosser;rob grootendorst;bart garssen;bert meuffels;kees de glopper;ron oostdam;scott jacobs;a. francisca snoeck henkemans;sally jackson
reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models (2nd edition),rina dechter
reasoning with probabilistic and deterministic graphical models: exact algorithms,rina dechter
recent advances in ambient assisted living,riitta danielsson-ojala;peter andriessen;ville-pekka seppä;jens mühlsteff;sándor beniczky;heidi van de mortel;sten hanke;wouter dijkman;sebu björklund;ilona tuominen
recent advances in automation, robotics and measuring techniques,roman szewczyk;jacek salach;wojciech winiarski;krzysztof trzcinka;jaroslaw goslinski;tomasz kornuta;tadeusz missala;oleg petruk;mateusz macias;michal nowicki 0002
recent advances in computational intelligence,raman kumar;k. p. soman;surjeet dalal;m. anand kumar;d. jyothi ratnam;praveen kumar gupta;sindhu rajendran;uffe kock wiil;s. sachin kumar;vidhya shree
recent advances in computational intelligence in defense and security,julio j. valdés;anna isabel esparcia-alcázar;jillian morgan;hussein a. abbass;stuart h. rubin;kevin e. stone;slawomir wesolkowski;nicola mazzocca;boris kovalerchuk;eduardo vellasques
recent advances in computational optimization,alain quilliot;olympia roeva;giorgio cannata;borzou rostami;fulvio mastrogiovanni;krassimir t. atanassov;maria ganzha;mhand hifi;maria angelova;massimo paolucci 0002
recent advances in computer vision,m. hassaballah 0001;saddam bekhet;khalid m. hosny;k. p. soman;v. sowmya;gang zhang 0003;andrea prati 0001;d. govind 0001;simon liao;janez krizaj
recent advances in evolutionary computation for combinatorial optimization,enrique alba;fatos xhafa;matthew j. craven;istván juhos;niko kotilainen;daniel kudenko;ferrante neri;thomas stützle;jano i. van hemert;prasanna balaprakash
recent advances in formal languages and applications,shuly wintner;satoshi kobayashi;jarkko kari;renate klempien-hinrichs;maxime crochemore;hans-jörg kreowski;hsu-chun yen;dennis pixton;tom head;holger petersen 0001
recent advances in harmony search algorithm,ahamad tajudin abdul khader;steven mills;mohammad fesanghary;diego luis de andrade bernert;zong woo geem;kai xue;panwadee tangpattanakul;mohammed azmi al-betar;bijaya k. panigrahi;richard d. green
recent advances in information hiding and applications,yueh-hong chen;hsiang-cheh huang;shuai yue;zhi-hui wang;chin-chen chang 0001;jianying zhang;baolong guo;pei-wei tsai;leida li;chin-feng lee
recent advances in intelligent engineering systems,carmen paz suárez araujo;ales procházka;michael affenzeller;martina mudrová;patricio garcía báez;kamil staniec;jan nikodem;dorin berian;vasile stoicu-tivadar;andrzej cichon
recent advances in nonlinear dynamics and synchronization,jinling liang;valeri y. kontorovich;apostolos georgiadis;frank l. lewis;zidong wang;andrzej stefanski;guanrong chen;przemyslaw perlikowski;xiang li 0010;tomasz kapitaniak
recent advances in swarm intelligence and evolutionary computation,xin-she yang 0001;sara casciati;kaizhu huang;xingshi he;zong woo geem;thirumoorthy prabaharan;belaïd ahiod;joão paulo papa;julian scott yeomans;somayeh asadi
recent advances on hybrid approaches for designing intelligent systems,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;fevrier valdez;laura cruz reyes;claudia gómez santillán;juan javier gonzález barbosa;mario garcía valdez;roberto sepúlveda;rodolfo a. pazos rangel;héctor joaquín fraire huacuja
recent advances on hybrid intelligent systems,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;laura cruz reyes;fevrier valdez;roberto sepúlveda;claudia gómez santillán;héctor j. fraire h.;josé soria;oscar montiel ross;juan r. castro
recent developments in computational collective intelligence,zaïdi sahnoun;mohd sharifuddin ahmad;ramdane maamri;azhana ahmad;aida mustapha;radoslaw józefowicz;soufiane boulehouache;said brahimi;kristína machova;pawel skrzynski
recent developments in the ordered weighted averaging operators,daniel paternain;gleb beliakov;gloria bordogna;ronald r. yager;jános c. fodor;michele fedrizzi;bonifacio llamazares;javier montero;josé luis garcía-lapresta;teresa peña
recognition of humans and their activities using video,shaohua kevin zhou;amit k. roy-chowdhury;rama chellappa
recognizing textual entailment: models and applications,fabio massimo zanzotto;dan roth;ido dagan;mark sammons
recommendation and search in social networks,cyrus shahabi;arash bahrehmand;rafal rzepka;hasan shahid ferdous;clara pizzuti;yan'an jin;andreas stafylopatis;georgios alexandridis;cheng chen 0019;xinyue wang 0001
recommender systems for the social web,rebeca p. díaz redondo;ana fernández vilas;alberto gil-solla;manuel ramos cabrer;josé juan pazos-arias;josé manuel vázquez-naya;marcos martínez romero;pablo castells;carlos garcía-rubio;teresa rodríguez de las heras ballell
reconfigurable antennas,jennifer t. bernhard
reconstruction-free compressive vision for surveillance applications,henry braun;pavan k. turaga;andreas spanias;sameeksha katoch;suren jayasuriya;cihan tepedelenlioglu
reduction of a ship's magnetic field signatures,john j. holmes
reflections on the history of computers in education,bill davey;john s. murnane;arthur tatnall;sandra wills;dudley dolan;maciej m. syslo;yaacov j. katz;victor schmidt;david demant;jan lepeltak
reflections on the history of computing,bill davey;stasys lukaitis;arthur tatnall;corrado bonfanti;gyózö kovács;harold w. lawson;tilly blyth;audra lukaitis;john deane;david demant
reflections on the teaching of programming,michael e. caspersen;michael kölling;henrik bærbak christensen;jens bennedsen;lauri malmi;jürgen börstler;päivi kinnunen;jens thyge kristensen;lars bendix;seppo törmä
regensberg,frank schubert 0002
registration and recognition in images and videos,jingming dong;martin szummer;jürgen schmidhuber;andrea j. van doorn;marcello pelillo;lorenzo torresani;kari pulli;andrew w. fitzgibbon;jonathan masci;stefano berretti
reimer,mohammed mehdi mostaanpour;heinz burger
relational and xml data exchange,pablo barceló;filip murlak;marcelo arenas;leonid libkin
relativistic flight mechanics and space travel,richard f. tinder
remote sensing image processing,gustavo camps-valls;sandra jiménez;luis gómez-chova;devis tuia;jesús malo
replicated data management for mobile computing,douglas b. terry
representation discovery using harmonic analysis,sridhar mahadevan
representation of multiple-valued logic functions,claudio moraga;radomir s. stankovic;jaakko astola
representation, inclusion, and innovation,clayton lewis
representations and techniques for 3d object recognition and scene interpretation,derek hoiem;silvio savarese
representing and reasoning with qualitative preferences,samik basu 0001;vasant g. honavar;ganesh ram santhanam
resch,ulrich weber;klaus-dieter rosenbach
research infrastructures for hardware accelerators,yakun sophia shao;david m. brooks
researching learning in virtual worlds,elena moschini;shri footring;martin oliver;julia gillen;mark w. bell;diane carr;karim meeran;kieron sheehy;peter twining;liz thackray
researching serendipity in digital information environments,lori mccay-peet;elaine g. toms
resilient architecture design for voltage variation,meeta sharma gupta;vijay janapa reddi
resistive random access memory (rram),shimeng yu
resource management for big data platforms,irene kilanioti;george a. papadopoulos;kadir akbudak;ioan raicu;ioannis vakintis;joanna kolodziej;piotr arabas;ciprian dobre;lars ailo bongo;sabri pllana
resource-adaptive cognitive processes,matthew w. crocker;jörg h. siekmann;christoph benzmüller;wolfgang wahlster;hubert d. zimmer;jutta kray;frank wittig;stefan münzer;manfred pinkal;jörg baus
resource-oriented architecture patterns for webs of data,brian sletten
results of the improve project,wolfgang marquardt;manfred nagl;jan morbach;manfred theißen;matthias jarke;ralph schneider;christopher m. schlick;simon m. becker;bernhard westfechtel;markus heller
rethinking quaternions,ron goldman 0002
reversible digital watermarking: theory and practices,rajat subhra chakraborty;ruchira naskar
revolutionizing education with digital ink,tracy hammond;stephanie valentine;paul taele;trevor nelligan;julie linsey;eric hamilton;michelle zimmerman;julaine fowlin;loide kapenda;zachary mbasu
rewerse,juri luca de coi;luigi sauro;piero a. bonatti;thomas eiter;alexander pohl;patrick lambrix;he tan;daniel olmedilla;wlodzimierz drabent;olga yestekhina
rfid explained,roy want
rfid security and privacy,robert h. deng;elisa bertino;yingjiu li
rhombos-verlag,alf zugenmaier;uwe jendricke
robot learning from human teachers,andrea lockerd thomaz;sonia chernova
robotic systems for handling and assembly,jürgen hesselbach;annika raatz;walter schumacher;friedrich m. wahl;hans-joachim franke;torsten kröger;jens steiner;jochen maaß;ursula goltz;frank wobbe
robotics and cognitive approaches to spatial mapping,hanspeter a. mallot;margaret e. jefferies;benjamin kuipers;wai-kiang yeap;raja chatila 0001;sabine gillner;verena vanessa hafner;christian freksa;jesse t. baker;eric chown
robust and online large-scale optimization,daniel delling;juan a. mesa;dorothea wagner;peter widmayer;anita schöbel;michael schachtebeck;miguel a. salido;matús mihalák;mathias schnee;dennis huisman
robust control of dc-dc converters,farzin asadi
robustness in econometrics,songsak sriboonchitta;woraphon yamaka;tonghui wang;jianxu liu;vladik kreinovich;pathairat pastpipatkul;olga kosheleva;chatchai khiewngamdee;jirakom sirisrisakulchai;paravee maneejuk
roderer,werner schmidt 0001;sven von känel;thea stäudel;birgit hawelka;erhard tietel;martin stetter;udo arend;karl-heinz thume;matthias pieper;winfried mohr
rombach,jochen lienhard
rough sets and intelligent systems (1),andrzej skowron;james f. peters;victor w. marek;jerzy w. grzymala-busse;roman slowinski;shusaku tsumoto;dominik slezak;andrzej szalas;wojciech ziarko;talha amin
rough sets and intelligent systems (2),igor chikalov;mikhail moshkov;gwo-hshiung tzeng;zbigniew suraj;alicja wieczorkowska;barbara marszal-paszek;iouri nikolski;chien-chung chan;sanghamitra bandyopadhyay;tomasz g. smolinski
rough-neural computing: techniques for computing with words,andrzej skowron;patrick doherty 0001;james f. peters;lech polkowski;andrzej szalas;sankar kumar pal;witold lukaszewicz;yiyu yao;wladyslaw skarbek;shusaku tsumoto
rsl,martin suter
ruhr-univ., lehrstuhl für maschinenelemente u. fördertechnik,gundo h. riechelmann
rule extraction from support vector machines,joachim diederich;marcin blachnik;robert w. harrison;trevor walker;rolf mitsdorffer;andreu català;shaoning pang;rudy setiono;johan huysmans;sathyakama sandilya
rus,markus pilz
rüegger,bernd blümel;urs rellstab
s u. w, steuer- u. wirtschaftsverl.,michael bormann
s und w, steuer- und wirtschaftsverlag,franz-josef seidensticker
safety and security in multiagent systems,milind tambe;wesley kerr;sarit kraus;paul scerri;diana f. spears;anita raja;william m. spears;jens nimis;ram meshulam;michael fisher 0001
sand + soda publ.,martin grabmüller
scalability challenges in web search engines,berkant barla cambazoglu;ricardo baeza-yates
scalable optimization via probabilistic modeling,martin pelikan;david e. goldberg;kumara sastry;erick cantú-paz;robin höns;uwe aickelin;xavier llorà;robert i. mckay;josef schwarz;heinz mühlenbein
scalable processing of spatial-keyword queries,walid g. aref;ahmed r. mahmood
scheduling and congestion control for wireless and processing networks,libin jiang;jean c. walrand
schellenberg,bruno gloor
schelzky und jeep,gudrun osterkamp
schiele und schön,wolfram rossdeutscher
schmidt-römhild,anja edelmann;peter stadtfeld
schott,helene wanske
schuch,günter meisinger;georg wiest
schulthess,alexander dubach;corinna rüesch;bianka s. dörr
schulthess, polygraph. verlag,corinne andrea saner;philipp a. hofstetter;mario babini;thierry tissot;doris slongo;andrás a. gurovits;bruno wildhaber;james thomas peter;georg rauber;beat christoph bächler
schulthess, polygraphischer verlag,konrad hummler;ursula widmer;gérald page
schulz-kirchner,edmund nickel 0001;siegfried anderka;erich bagus;horst körner
schwartz,christian stegbauer
schweikert,giorgio buzzi di marco
schweitzer,alfred büllesbach;hans-jürgen garstka;gerhard ringwald
schweizerbart,jan sbresny
schwäbische verlag-gesellschaft,thilo hinterberger
schück,ali a. rafi
science fiction prototyping: designing the future with science fiction,brian david johnson
scs,axel hein
search user interface design,max l. wilson 0001
search-based applications: at the confluence of search and database technologies,laura wilber;gregory grefenstette
secumedia-verlag,jörn voßbein
secure and trustworthy service composition,achim d. brucker;fabiano dalpiaz;paolo giorgini;muhammad asim;brett lempereur;per håkon meland;qi shi;madjid merabti;elda paja;erkuden rios
secure data management in decentralized systems,sushil jajodia;pierangela samarati;sara foresti;sabrina de capitani di vimercati;valentina ciriani;ting yu;divesh srivastava;sharad mehrotra;piero a. bonatti;adam j. lee
secure electronic voting,dimitris gritzalis;david chaum;maria karyda 0001;raphael kies;spyros ikonomopoulos;moti yung;giusi poletti;aggelos kiayias;vassilis tsoumas;gorm salomonsen
secure localization and time synchronization for wireless sensor and ad hoc networks,peng ning;wenliang du;radha poovendran;srdjan capkun;alfred o. hero iii;leping huang;lei fang;manali joglekar;zang li;loukas lazos
secure multi-party computation,oded goldreich 0001;amit sahai;abhishek jain 0002;yuval ishai;yehuda lindell;hemanta k. maji;vassilis zikas;mike rosulek;manoj prabhakaran;gilad asharov
secure sensor cloud,vimal kumar 0001;sanjay madria;amartya sen
security and dependability for ambient intelligence,antonio maña;daniel serrano;george spanoudakis;beatriz gallego-nicasio crespo;spyros kokolakis;christos kloukinas;antonio muñoz;keqin li 0002;smriti kumar sinha;carlo riccucci
security and privacy in the internet of things,sylvain guilley;sihem mesnager;antonio f. skarmeta;claude carlet;julian murphy;alejandro molina zarca;alan ferrari;helen c. leligou;cédric van rompay;ferruh özbudak
security and privacy preserving in social networks,richard chbeir;shah mahmood;luca costabello;catherine faron-zucker;patrick valduriez;sally massalkhy;patricia serrano-alvarado;arturo ribagorda;ana isabel gonzález-tablas ferreres;abdallah a. mohamed
security and trust in online social networks,barbara carminati;elena ferrari;marco viviani
security basics for computer architects,ruby b. lee
security informatics,shucheng dai;stanley y. w. su;chen zhou;kyungmi lee;andrew coggeshall;ickjai lee;peter phillips 0001;xuelian xiao;changjie tang;yi-ming chen
selected asymptotic methods with applications to electromagnetics and antennas,ioannis tastsoglou;odysseas n. bakas;george fikioris
selected results of the cost action ic1405,irek ulidowski;robert glück;claudio antares mezzina;ivan lanese;harun siljak;gabriel ciobanu;james hoey;germán vidal;bogdan aman;ulrik pagh schultz
selected topics in nonlinear dynamics and theoretical electrical engineering,pavel karban;bohus ulrych;ivo dolezel;julien javaloyes;jürgen lindner;radu dogaru;nikolai nefedov;moufid mansour;bartosz swiderski;charles n. ironside
self-aware computing systems,peter r. lewis;bernhard rinner;arjun chandra;lukas esterle;marco platzner;georg nebehay;jim tørresen;kyrre glette;wayne luk;leandro l. minku
self-organising software,marie-pierre gleizes;giovanna di marzo serugendo;anthony karageorgos;christine bourjot;vincent chevrier;abderrafiaa koukam;vincent hilaire;valérie camps;jean-marc seigneur;sebastian rodriguez
semantic breakthrough in drug discovery,bin chen 0002;ying ding 0001;david j. wild 0001;huijun wang
semantic digital libraries,sebastian ryszard kruk;bill mcdaniel;maciej dabrowski;adam gzella;ewelina kruk;marcin synak;katarzyna stankiewicz;jakub demczuk;slawomir grzonkowski;tomasz woroniecki
semantic e-science,óscar corcho;flavia mazzitelli;siegfried handschuh;yuxia yao;marco roos;phillip w. lord;mudasser iqbal;pieter w. adriaans;mikhail simonov;tudor groza
semantic hyper/multimedia adaptation,malamati d. louta;fabrizio lamberti;karin coninx;costas mourlas;emmanouil skondras;stavros christodoulakis;claudio demartini;petr saloun;ioannis stavrakantonakis;valentina gatteschi
semantic mining of social networks,jie tang 0001;juanzi li
semantic relations between nominals,diarmuid ó séaghdha;preslav nakov;vivi nastase;stan szpakowicz
semantic role labeling,martha palmer;nianwen xue;daniel gildea
semantic similarity from natural language and ontology analysis,stefan janaqi;sébastien harispe;jacky montmain;sylvie ranwez
semantics empowered web 3.0,krishnaprasad thirunarayan;amit p. sheth
semantics in adaptive and personalized services,manolis wallace;ioannis anagnostopoulos;malamati d. louta;stefan poslad;szilárd cserey;lucia szalayová;theodoros iliou;christophe senot;dimitris askounis;phivos mylonas
semantics in mobile sensing,dipanjan chakraborty 0001;zhixian yan
semi-supervised learning and domain adaptation in natural language processing,anders søgaard
semiotic engineering methods for scientific research in hci,clarisse sieckenius de souza;carla faria leitão
semprom,jörg neidig;jörg preißinger;alexander kröner;jens haupert;patrick gebhard;boris brandherm;thorbjørn hansen;gerrit kahl;carsten magerkurth;jose de gea fernandez
sensor analysis for the internet of things,michael stanley;jongmin lee 0003
sensory organ replacement and repair,gerald e. miller
sentiment analysis and ontology engineering,antonio celotto;steve y. yang;rodolfo zunino;mohsen farhadloo;massimiliano dal mas;ghazaleh beigi;paolo gastaldo;antonio picariello;carmine brenga;leila weitzel
sequential monte carlo methods for nonlinear discrete-time filtering,marcelo g. s. bruno
service orientation in holonic and multi agent manufacturing and robotics,theodor borangiu;andré thomas 0001;duncan c. mcfarlane;charlotta johnsson;paulo leitão;doru panescu;paul valckenaers;sergio cavalieri;florin daniel anton;radu dobrescu
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing,olivier cardin;damien trentesaux;nassima aissani;eric ballot;pierre castagna;andré thomas 0001;silviu raileanu;remzi seker;duncan c. mcfarlane;radu f. babiceanu
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing and robotics,theodor borangiu;damien trentesaux;yves sallez;monica dragoicea;carlos pascal;olivier cardin;baghdad atmani;cristina morariu;radu f. babiceanu;luiza-elena cojocaru
service orientation in holonic and multi-agent manufacturing control,theodor borangiu;andré thomas 0001;damien trentesaux;silviu raileanu;mihai parlea;octavian stocklosa;mihnea alexandru moisescu;ioan stefan sacala;george burlacu;alexandru dumitrache
service-fachverl.,michael theil;bernd novak;jürgen müller 0012;martin natter;otto zatschek
service-fachverlag,karl wöber
services computing for language resources,toru ishida 0001;donghui lin;yohei murakami;takao nakaguchi;masayuki otani;shinsuke goto;mairidan wushouer;naomi yamashita;chunqi shi;trang mai xuan
sets and extensions in the twentieth century,akihiro kanamori;twan laan;paul b. larson;m. randall holmes;menachem kojman;thierry libert;gonzalo e. reyes;fairouz kamareddine;robert l. constable;thomas e. forster
sfb 393,michael theß
sfps, wiss. fachverl.,matthias ermel
shaker,kyandoghere kyamakya;lorenz von kurowski;christopher m. schlick;jian zhang 0031;uwe schreiweis;burkhard golf;alexander christ;jochen schober;günther seemann;heinz handels
shaker media,stefan schaden
shaker verlag,yunqi luo;daniel fecker;markus karwe;torsten reuschel;andreas bisplinghoff;robin fay;daniel strang;roman kreimeyer;sören hahn;chunlei an
shared encounters,antti oulasvirta;vassilis kostakos;yoriko inada;christian licoppe;tim rieniets;nikos kaimakamis;esko kurvinen;kenton o'hara;peter peltonen;maria n. stukoff
shared-memory synchronization,michael l. scott
sharing network resources,jean c. walrand;abhay parekh
sierke,daniel schütz;martin obermeier;michael kaliwoda;markus fischer 0003;gülden bayrak;martin merz;nadine keddis;ulf häger;philipp hoffmann-berling;matthias haringer
sierke verlag,marcus elzenheimer;jan papadoudis
signal processing for solar array monitoring, fault detection, and optimization,henry braun;venkatachalam krishnan;cihan tepedelenlioglu;ted yeider;shinichi takada;andreas spanias;santoshi t. buddha;mahesh k. banavar;toru takehara
signal processing of random physiological signals,charles s. lessard
similarity joins in relational database systems,nikolaus augsten;michael h. böhlen
similarity-based pattern analysis and recognition,marcello pelillo;joachim m. buhmann;umberto castellani;manuele bicego;volker roth 0001;aydin ulas;mário a. t. figueiredo;samuel rota bulò;vittorio murino;thomas j. fuchs
simplified models for assessing heat and mass transfer in evaporative towers,giulio lorenzini;onorio saro;marco medici;alessandra de angelis;stefano d'elia
single-instruction multiple-data execution,christopher j. hughes
situational awareness for assistive technologies,tõnis kelder;xavier del toro;kalev rannat;raymond so;hans w. guesgen;juan carlos lópez 0001;paul j. mccullagh;francisco moya;maría j. santofimia;jüri helekivi
skaker,roland künzel
smart charging and anti-idling systems,yanjun huang;milad khazraee;hong wang 0014;soheil mohagheghi fard;amir khajepour
smart health,andreas holzinger;carsten röcker;gabriele bleser;stefan zwicklbauer;laetitia fradet;daniel steffen;josé maría castillo secilla;björn gottfried;thomas kirste;melvin isken
smart information and knowledge management,ireneusz czarnowski;tomasz sitek;dariusz barbucha;massimiliano cattafi;adam wos;ewa ratajczak-ropel;hugo l. borges;marek kisiel-dorohinicki;jakub chabik;kurosh madani
smart micro-grid systems security and privacy,stephen d. wolthusen;anne v. d. m. kayem;christoph meinel;aakriti arya;shingo okamura;hikaru kishimoto;pacome l. ambassa;ammara gul;trupil limbasiya;naoto yanai
smart modeling and simulation for complex systems,minjie zhang;takayuki ito;wen zhang 0001;anthony green;fenghui ren;zhenpeng li;dien tuan le;martin nyolt;thomas kirste;hao wang 0005
smart textiles,matija varga;andreas mehmann;peter chabrecek;danilo de rossi;stefan schneegass;bo zhou 0005;werner gaschler;paul lukowicz;karl gönner;oliver amft
smartkom,robert porzel;carmen frank;rainer malaka;heinrich niemann;rui ping shi;elmar nöth;anton batliner;viktor zeißler;johann adelhardt;florian schiel
smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing,nasser kehtarnavaz;abhishek sehgal;shane parris
smartphone-based real-time digital signal processing (2nd edition),nasser kehtarnavaz;abhishek sehgal;shane parris
social informatics evolving,madelyn r. sanfilippo;howard rosenbaum;pnina fichman
social information access,peter brusilovsky;daqing he;barry smyth;bart p. knijnenburg;joseph a. konstan;sanghee oh;daniel kluver;markus zanker;bracha shapira;markus strohmaier
social media and civic engagement,scott p. robertson
social media and library services,lorri mon
social media retrieval,jong-seok lee;touradj ebrahimi;lyndon kennedy;marta mrak;alessandro fiori;francisco fraile;tomas piatrik;christophe chênes;konstantinos chorianopoulos;soujanya poria
social network analysis,gita sukthankar;benjamin renoust;joseph ndong;peng xia;mahsa maghami;yulia tyshchuk;marie-luce viaud;ke wang 0001;kun tu;seyed amin tabatabaei
social network based big data analysis and applications,reda alhajj;jon g. rokne;omar addam;gabriela jurca;konstantinos f. xylogiannopoulos;xavier bost;linfeng luo;dongwon lee 0001;shuang wu;ponnurangam kumaraguru
social networks: a framework of computational intelligence,eiman tamah al-shammari;mark j. wierman;terry d. clark;john n. mordeson;heidi-tuulia eklund;morgan l. eichman;janine viol;xiaolv guo;wang-kun chen;sheng yu 0004
social networks: analysis and case studies,francesco buccafurri;fatemeh hendijani fard;nagehan ilhan;mingxuan yuan;tiziana guzzo;domenico ursino;david b. skillicorn;abdullah sönmez;fernando ferri;maria rita tagliaventi
social semantic web,malte kiesel;sebastian schaffert;tassilo pellegrini;markus krötzsch;denny vrandecic;stefanie n. lindstaedt;andreas blumauer;armin ulbrich;gernot tscherteu;holger stenzhorn
social semantic web mining,john g. breslin;sebastián a. ríos;tope omitola
soft computing applications in business,lean yu;malcolm j. beynon;kin keung lai;shouyang wang;bhanu prasad;juan m. corchado;judy k. frels;emilio s. corchado rodríguez;hong yan 0001;eamonn j. keogh
soft computing applications in industry,ming zhong;andrew h. sung;santiago ontañón;miguel arturo barreto-sanz;pradipta maji;yanira de paz;andrés pérez-uribe;xiaolei wang 0001;srinivas mukkamala;parimal pal chaudhuri
soft computing applications in optimization, control, and recognition,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;juan r. castro;héctor josé puga soberanes;jorge alberto soria-alcaraz;roberto sepúlveda;pilar gómez-gil;arturo rodriguez-cristerna;david terán villanueva;juan martín carpio valadez
soft computing for business intelligence,rafael alejandro espín andrade;eduardo fernández 0002;erick gonzález;vivian f. lópez batista;virginia l. ballarin;jürgen sauer;agustina bouchet;maría n. moreno garcía;jorge marx gómez;juan ignacio pastore
soft computing for hybrid intelligent systems,oscar castillo 0001;patricia melin;oscar montiel;roberto sepúlveda;antonio rodríguez díaz;eugenio dante suarez;guillermo licea;luis t. aguilar;juan tapia;manuel castañón-puga
soft computing for intelligent control and mobile robotics,oscar castillo 0001;antonio rodríguez díaz;patricia melin;arnulfo alanis garza;josé mario garcía valdez;luis t. aguilar;roberto sepúlveda;juan martín carpio valadez;jesús camacho;juan javier gonzález barbosa
soft computing for knowledge discovery and data mining,alex alves freitas;andré carlos ponce de leon ferreira de carvalho;lior rokach;oded maimon;pericles a. mitkas;alon schclar;arnulfo p. azcarraga;andreas l. symeonidis;swagatam das;ana carolina lorena
soft computing for recognition based on biometrics,patricia melin;oscar castillo 0001;miguel lopez;héctor joaquín fraire huacuja;laura cruz reyes;roberto sepúlveda;juan martín carpio;rosario baltazar;mario ignacio chacon murguia;alfredo gonzález
soft computing in artificial intelligence,akira notsu;katsuhiro honda;young key kim;won keun min;junji saikawa;kenji iwadate;s. r. shankapal;michiko watanabe;mai muranishi;yasunori takemura
soft computing in green and renewable energy systems,soteris a. kalogirou;arturo pacheco-vega;olav krause;luciane neves canha;paolo tartarini;josiah l. munda;silas c. michaelides;simone pedrazzi;lawrence k. letting;alexandre barin
soft computing in humanities and social sciences,rudolf seising;settimo termini;alejandro sobrino;enric trillas;itziar garcía-honrado;veronica sanz;kazem sadegh-zadeh;josé luis garcía-lapresta;takéhiko nakama;joão paulo carvalho
soft computing in web information retrieva,marco cristo;paulo braz golgher;josé m. morales-del-castillo;adrienn skrop;berthier a. ribeiro-neto;zsolt tuza;sabrina senatore;vincenzo loia;marco viviani;marco pagani
soft computing in xml data management,jamal jida;reda alhajj;keivan kianmehr;oliver thomas;melanie herschel;ken barker 0001;anthony chiu wa lo;allan chan;anthony hunter;kim wong
soft computing techniques in vision science,srikanta patnaik;kandarpa kumar sarma;sandeep kumar satapathy;b. b. v. l. deepak;meera nayak;tapashi thakuria;anshika pal;jagan mohana;narayan sahoo;n. jaisankar
soft computing: state of the art theory and novel applications,ronald r. yager;olivier pivert;romi banerjee;frederick e. petry;rosangela ballini;ali razib;romano scozzafava;greg gibbon;sankar k. pal;eulalia szmidt
software agents, agent systems and their applications,igor v. kotenko;mohammad essaaidi;marcin paprzycki;maria ganzha;rafal leszczyna;emil vassev;lars braubach;roman neruda;michiel kamermans;eduard semsch
software and network engineering,eun-ser lee;haeng-kon kim;gongzhu hu;roger y. lee;wenying feng;sejin oh;yuji hashiura;toufiq hossain kazi;tokuro matsuo;kittichai suthunyatanakit
software and systems safety - specification and verification,constance l. heitmeyer;kim g. larsen;holger hermanns;carlo ghezzi;tony hoare;mariëlle stoelinga;lijun zhang 0001;uli fahrenberg;mark timmer;john wickerson
software engineering research, management and applications,osamu mizuno;teruhisa hochin;naoki kawashima;tomohiko takagi;shuichi oikawa;mouna ben said;toyoshiro nakashima;shengbo chen;karin morita;kosuke sato
software engineering, artificial intelligence, networking and parallel/distributed computing,roger y. lee;haeng-kon kim;tokuro matsuo;byeongdo kang;carl lee;gongzhu hu;hyun yoe;chang-sun shin;chia-chu chiang;naohiro ishii
software engineering: evolution and emerging technologies,tomasz szmuc;michal zawadzki;wojciech waloszek;anna zygmunt;teresa grabowska;grzegorz j. nalepa;bogumila hnatkowska;marcin szpyrka;krzysztof goczyla;jerzy r. nawrocki
software evolution,tom mens;angela lozano;georgios koutsoukos;rui correia;juan fernández-ramil;michel wermelinger;jean henrard;marco d'ambros;serge demeyer;reiko heckel
software for exascale computing,gerhard wellein;wolfgang e. nagel;ulrich rüde;hans-joachim bungartz;benjamin uekermann;stefan turek;dirk pflüger;tobias fuchs;jan mohring;georg hager
software safety and security,jason koenig;david parker 0001;georg weissenbacher;andrei sabelfeld;rupak majumdar;stéphanie delaune;hubert comon-lundh;bruno blanchet;peter w. o'hearn;marta z. kwiatkowska
software science and engineering,kenichi taniguchi;tadao kasami;mario tokoro;toshiro minami;yoshiyuki yamashita;hiroyuki seki;jingde cheng;hajime sawamura;yuuji ichisugi;masaaki mori
software systems safety,kalmer apinis;gerwin klein;sharon shoham;eran yahav;rupak majumdar;pramod subramanyan;sharad malik;ralf küsters;yakir vizel;sumit gulwani
software-intensive systems and new computing paradigms,matthias m. hölzl;graeme smith;martin wirsing;axel rauschmayer;adrian lienhard;olivier michel;tudor gîrba;gabriel ciobanu;marcus denker;william r. cook
solutions on embedded systems,massimo conti;luca fanucci;sergio saponara;ralf seepold;arne sieber;simone orcioni;natividad martínez madrid;adán kohler;serge demeyer;eric armengaud
spaces of interaction, places for experience,david benyon
sparse adaptive filters for echo cancellation,constantin paleologu;jacob benesty;silviu ciochina
sparse representations for radar with matlab examples,peter knee
spatial data management,nikos mamoulis
spatiotemporal modeling of influenza,william e. schiesser
special sciences and the unity of science,john symons;francisco carrapiço;olga pombo;philippe huneman;christian möckel;edwin j. beggs;maría de la concepción caamaño alegre;brian hill;catherine laurent;paco calvo garzón
spectral analysis of signals,yanwei wang;petre stoica;jian li 0001
speech enhancement in the karhunen-loève expansion domain,jacob benesty;yiteng huang;jingdong chen
speech recognition algorithms based on weighted finite-state transducers,takaaki hori;atsushi nakamura
speech, audio, image and biomedical signal processing using neural networks,susmita ghosh;marian beszédes;simona ferrante;matthew browne;alessandra pedrocchi;hemant a. patil;giancarlo ferrigno;saeed shiry ghidary;richa singh 0001;antonio rodrigo-gonzález
speech-to-speech translation,yoshinori shiga;kentaro tachibana;xugang lu;hiroaki kato;masakiyo fujimoto;yutaka ashikari;tasuku kitade;hisashi kawai;takuma okamoto;kenji imamura
spektrum,volker kruschinski;christoph niemann
spektrum, akad. verlag,christian weidauer;rené-marc gille;thomas hüsener
spoken dialogue systems,michael f. mctear;kristiina jokinen
sport und buch strauss, ed. sport,youlian hong
springer,george a. anastassiou;guerino mazzola;xuemin (sherman) shen;erik cuevas;ajith abraham;gerard o'regan;amit konar;joseph migga kizza;lakhmi c. jain;zeshui xu
springer / atlantis press,ornela dardha
springer gabler,christian schalles;mario schaarschmidt;tobias trepper;florian werner 0001;marco pospiech;stefanie bredthauer;gerhard schall;tom hänel;marc roman franke;daniel wagenführer
springer spektrum,harald schernthanner;tibor jager
springer vieweg,nora eibisch;adelka niels;alexander schmidt-richberg;fatih gedikli;bülent sari;arnold bücken;christian storm;sebastian herden;thomas jestädt;hagen stübing
springer vs,dorothee christiane meinzer;stefanie king;christian t. toth;kerstin hooß;martina faust
stahleisen,gerhard hermann arfmann
state of the art in ai applied to ambient intelligence,diogo martinho;rahat iqbal;davide carneiro;juan f. de paz;fabio mavilia;charalampos karyotis;faiyaz doctor;tim van hamme;antonino crivello;paolo barsocchi
statistical implicative analysis,fabrice guillet;régis gras;henri briand;vincent pisetta;philippe lenca;serge baquédano;einoshin suzuki;stéphane lallich;pascale kuntz;carmen díaz
statistical language models for information retrieval,chengxiang zhai
statistical models for data analysis,antonio balzanella;marica manisera;rosanna verde;isabella sulis;roland winkler;carlos matrán;barbara vantaggi;massimo attanasio;ricardo bezerra de andrade e silva;giuseppe boari
statistical relational artificial intelligence: logic, probability, and computation,sriraam natarajan;luc de raedt;kristian kersting;david poole 0001
statistics is easy!,dennis e. shasha;manda wilson
statistics is easy! second edition,dennis e. shasha;manda wilson
stauffenburg-verlag,karl-heinrich schmidt 0002
steiner,karl heinz striedter
stmv, toeche-mittler,martina lucas
stochastic network optimization with application to communication and queueing systems,michael j. neely
storing clocked programs inside dna: a simplifying framework for nanocomputing,jessica p. chang;dennis e. shasha
strategic cost fundamentals,robert c. creese
strategic health technology incorporation,binseng wang
strategic voting,reshef meir
stream data management,hetal thakkar;luis gravano;elke a. rundensteiner;shetal shah;bradford pielech;stratis viglas;yali zhu;krithi ramamritham;frank p. mccreedy;david maier 0001
strothe,gunter simon
structural changes and their econometric modeling,songsak sriboonchitta;woraphon yamaka;suparat niwitpong;nguyen ngoc thach;chukiat chaiboonsri;sa-aat niwitpong;vladik kreinovich;paravee maneejuk;noppasit chakpitak;hung t. nguyen 0002
studienverl. brockmeyer,ilse harms-emig
studienverlag brockmeyer,peter lange 0001;norbert böhme;klaus schertel
studies in conversational ux design,robert j. moore;gary hsieh;jan balata;margaret h. szymanski;pavel slavík;tom m. mitchell;zdenek míkovec;alexander i. rudnicky;daniel avrahami;gregory a. bennett
studies of work and the workplace in hci: concepts and techniques,wes sharrock;graham button
style and ethics of communication in science and engineering,jay d. humphrey;jeffrey w. holmes
stämpfli,melchior caduff;conradin menn;roger rudolph;katrin atia-off;mike j. widmer
super resolution of images and video,rafael molina 0001;javier mateos;aggelos k. katsaggelos
supply chain management under fuzziness,cengiz kahraman;basar öztaysi;david peidro;ozlem senvar;chunguang bai;josefa mula;gül tekin temur;joseph sarkis;eda boltürk;farhad hosseinzadeh lotfi
support vector machines for antenna array processing and electromagnetics,manel martínez-ramón;christos christodoulou
supporting real time decision-making,murray turoff;connie white;patrick brézillon;linda plotnick;upton shimp;juliette mattioli;supavich pengnate;nyree parker;shamual f. rahaman;ramesh sharda
surface computing and collaborative analysis work,robert biddle;chris hack;judith m. brown;jeff wilson;stevenson gossage
survive and thrive: a guide for untenured faculty,wendy c. crone
sustainable innovation,lisbeth borbye
sustaining moore's law,apek mulay
swarm intelligence,xiaodong li 0001;jürgen branke;sertan girgin;stephen j. simpson;gianni a. di caro;madeleine beekman;marco dorigo;richard l. sanders;levent bayindir;daniel merkle
swarm intelligence in data mining,mario köppen;chi-ho tsang;yoosef ramezani;bart baesens;christian veenhuis;sándor mandusitz;christiane guinot;mohamed kamel;mahamed g. h. omran;crina grosan
swarm intelligent systems,arun khosla;k. k. aggarwal;jagatpreet singh;shakti kumar;derek messie;luiza de macedo mourelle;hongbo liu 0001;finbar leahy;tim hendtlass;vladimir yanovski
symmetry problems. the navier-stokes problem,alexander g. ramm
symposium on semantics of algorithmic languages,zohar manna;j. w. de bakker;dana s. scott;ralph l. london;d. c. cooper;richard j. waldinger;c. a. r. hoare;hans bekic;p. lucas;cliff b. jones
synergies between knowledge engineering and software engineering,ralph schäfermeier;adrian paschke;isabel maría del águila;marius brezovan;josé del sagrado;costin badica;frieder henning;klaus-dieter althoff;wolfram henkel;francesco poggi
synthesis of quantum circuits vs. synthesis of classical reversible circuits,alexis de vos;stijn de baerdemacker;yvan van rentergem
systems engineering: building successful systems,howard eisner
südwestdeutscher verlag für hochschulschriften,johannes hund;franz wirl;marcel katz
tabletops,peter robinson 0001;daniel wigdor;christian müller-tomfelde;philip tuddenham;sheelagh carpendale;morten fjeld;shahram izadi;sriram subramanian;regan l. mandryk;jan richter
techn. univ., geodätisches inst.,tina ferdinand
technischer verlag grossmann,rolf streller;dieter straub;otto w. schäuble
technologies of inclusive well-being,anthony lewis brooks;rui penha;luca argenton;magnus moar;rolf gehlhaar;apostolos tsolakis;andrea valente;adam dubrowski;ayanna m. howard;fuad moussa
technology-enhanced systems and tools for collaborative learning scaffolding,dietrich albert;scott e. grasman;christina m. steiner;anna pierri;patricia paderewski;daniel lichtnow;michael d. kickmeier-rust;nikolaos m. avouris;isabela gasparini;vicki callaway
tectum verlag,katharina schuster
tectum-verlag,antje ohlhoff;do-wan kim;milan sigmund;michael neubauer 0001;jutta kreyß;klaus-peter gores;annika wagner;andreas grzemba;michael gehle;renato vinga-martins
tenea,oliver dunemann;volker delport;olaf jacobsen;angela mühlpfordt;roger süttenbach
tensor properties of solids, part one,richard f. tinder
tensor properties of solids, part two,richard f. tinder
tensor voting,philippos mordohai;gérard g. medioni
tensors in image processing and computer vision,marcos martín-fernández;hans knutsson;emma muñoz-moreno;burak acar;mats t. andersson;darío sosa-cabrera;anders brun;santiago aja-fernández;johan wiklund;carlos alberola-lópez
terrorist use of cyberspace and cyber terrorism,nancy houston;alan brill;marjan bogdanoski;ronald s. bearse;stefano mele;aleksandar risteski;david mair;stuart macdonald;zlatogor minchev;ivica simonovski
testing ios apps with hadoopunit,krissada dechokul;scott r. tilley
teubner,michael rupprecht;peter heine;christine strauss;wolfgang lehner;claudia linnhoff-popien;rainer götze 0001;peter bastian;oliver kluge;winfried fakler;holger naundorf
tewiss - technik und wissen gmbh,habib nasri;armin dietz;stephan wilhelm schröder
tewiss verlag,sarah uttendorf
text mining,gerik scheuermann;thomas eckart;christian beutenmüller;tim vor der brück;christian heine 0002;rüdiger gleim;bernd blobel;patrick oesterling;marten düring;antal van den bosch
the answer machine,susan e. feldman
the art of interaction,ernest a. edmonds
the ascens approach,jaroslav keznikl;tomás bures;ugo montanari;rosario pugliese;emil vassev;andrea vandin;matthias m. hölzl;alberto lluch-lafuente;francesco tiezzi;andrea margheri
the captains of energy,timothy decker;vincent c. prantil
the challenge of anticipation,martin v. butz;giovanni pezzulo;cristiano castelfranchi;rino falcone;maurice grinberg;christian balkenius;carlos martinho;dimitri ognibene;emiliano lorini;ana paiva
the complexity of noise,amit hagar
the datacenter as a computer (3rd edition),parthasarathy ranganathan;luiz andré barroso;urs hölzle
the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines,luiz andré barroso;urs hölzle
the datacenter as a computer: an introduction to the design of warehouse-scale machines, second edition,urs hölzle;jimmy clidaras;luiz andré barroso
the digital revolution,bob merritt
the effects of hypergravity and microgravity on biomedical experiments,felipe prehn falcão;thais russomano;gustavo dalmarco
the engineering design challenge: a creative process,charles w. dolan
the engineering of mixed reality systems,emmanuel dubois 0001;laurence nigay;aleksander väljamäe;daniel pustka;areti galani;timber haaker;björn j. e. johansson;frank vetere;tim robert merritt;minoru asada
the epistemology of intelligent semantic web systems,enrico motta;mathieu d'aquin
the estream finalists,cédric lauradoux;anne canteaut;thomas pornin;aline gouget;louis granboulan;côme berbain;hervé sibert;christophe de cannière;olivier billet;nicolas t. courtois
the fundamentals of analysis for talented freshmen,steven s. xiao;peter m. luthy;guido l. weiss
the future of digital democracy,andrea omicini;danilo pianini;cristiano castelfranchi;alina sîrbu;bruna zani;jean-françois laslier;josiah ober;pierluigi contucci;ada diaconescu;rino falcone
the future of personal information management, part i: our information, always and forever,william jones 0001
the garbage crisis: a global challenge for engineers,caroline a. baillie;toni alyce smythe;randika jayasinghe;usman mushtaq
the geometry of walker manifolds,eduardo garcía-río;peter gilkey;miguel brozos-vázquez;ramón vázquez-lorenzo;stana nikcevic
the geospatial web,leticia gutiérrez-villarías;linlin ge;matthew fleagle;milan konecný;alberto rosi;gabriella castelli;you-heng hu;christian sallaberry;marc wick;ron lake
the golden age of polish philosophy,jan wolenski;sandra lapointe;urszula m. zeglen;wioletta miskiewicz;douglas eden patterson;roger pouivet;paolo mancosu;anna jedynak;arianna betti;claude panaccio
the graph theoretical approach in brain functional networks,fabrizio de vico fallani;fabio babiloni
the hand,marc leman;gloria sabbatini;josé manuel chillón;anna lisa ciancio;laura sparaci;domenico formica;albert pérez-bellmunt;eugenio guglielmelli;francesca cordella;xavier escribano
the human hand as an inspiration for robot hand development,yoky matsuoka;michael de gregorio;peter d. brook;nancy s. pollard;lillian y. chang;aaron m. dollar;hawkeye h. i. king;patrick van der smagt;gerald e. loeb;huseyin atakan varol
the human side of engineering,john heywood
the influence of genetics on contemporary thinking,marcos nadal;anne fagot-largeault;juan manuel torres;carlos m. romeo-casabona;dani de waele;jean gayon;linda van speybroeck;gertrudis van de vijver;francisco j. ayala;jean-yves goffi
the influence of technology on social network analysis and mining,loo-nin teow;reda alhajj;simone braun;ilham esslimani;nicola henze;jean-michel balasque;malamati d. louta;matteo magnani;danilo montesi;ronald nussbaum
the integral: a crux for analysis,steven g. krantz
the key approach,wojciech mostowski;steffen schlager;richard bubel;reiner hähnle;andreas roth 0002;vladimir klebanov;martin giese;philipp rümmer;kristofer johannisson;peter h. schmitt
the landscape of pervasive computing standards,sumi helal
the language grid,toru ishida 0001;yohei murakami;donghui lin;masahiro tanaka;takao nakaguchi;toshiyuki takasaki;takashi yoshino 0001;akiyo nadamoto;tomohiro shigenobu;eri tsunokawa
the lll algorithm,nick howgrave-graham;oded regev 0001;william whyte;claus-peter schnorr;jill pipher;jeffrey hoffstein;brigitte vallée;craig gentry;karen aardal;alexander may 0001
the making of green engineers,andrew jamison
the many valued and nonmonotonic turn in logic,didier dubois;karl schlechta;alexander bochman;miklós rédei;graham priest;francesc esteva;carl j. posy;john woods 0001;maria luisa dalla chiara;grigoris antoniou
the memory system: you can't avoid it, you can't ignore it, you can't fake it,bruce l. jacob
the multi-agent programming contest,jürgen dix;axel hessler;christopher-eyk hrabia;niklas fiekas;tobias ahlbrecht;vilson de deus corrêa júnior;tabajara krausburg;vitor peres;giovani parente farias;débora cristina engelmann
the notion of relevance in information science,tefko saracevic
the people's web meets nlp,alessandro oltramari;jim buckley;arkaitz zubiaga;isabella chiari;oliver ferschke;richard littauer;sue ellen wright;razvan c. bunescu;unai cabezón;karën fort
the practice of crowdsourcing,omar alonso
the protection of critical energy infrastructure against emerging security challenges,alessandro niglia;mario d'agostini;antons kutjuns;antonella battaglini;anis zbanovs;farshad mohammad-avvali;alessandro ortis;stavri dhima;cyril leroy;kutjim proseku
the reaction wheel pendulum,mark w. spong;daniel j. block;karl johan åström
the realism-antirealism debate in the age of alternative logics,giuseppe primiero;elia zardini;jon cogburn;graham priest;neil kennedy;alexandre billon;greg restall;francesca poggiolesi;shahid rahman;joseph vidal-rosset
the rise of modern logic: from leibniz to frege,john woods 0001;victor sánchez valencia;theodore hailperin;mary tiles;john w. burbidge;ivor grattan-guinness;richard tieszen;risto hilpinen;peter m. sullivan;wolfgang lenzen
the sense of touch and its rendering,marc o. ernst;martin buss;antonio bicchi;hasan esen;enzo pasquale scilingo;nicola sgambelluri;abderrahmane kheddar;andrew s. wimperis;knut drewing;nick roach
the shortest-path problem,hector ortega-arranz;diego r. llanos;arturo gonzález-escribano
the smart grid,math h. j. bollen
the structure and properties of color spaces and the representation of color images,eric dubois 0002
the taxobook, part 2,marjorie m. k. hlava
the taxobook, part 3,marjorie m. k. hlava
the taxobook: history, theories, and concepts of knowledge organization,marjorie m. k. hlava
the theory of timed i/o automata,roberto segala;frits w. vaandrager;dilsun kirli kaynar;nancy a. lynch
the tlm method in electromagnetics,christos christopoulos
the unity of science in the arabic tradition,hassan tahiri;cornelia schöck;shahid rahman;paul thom;mohammad ardeshir;albrecht heeffer;deborah l. black;asad ahmed;ahmad hasnawi;roshdi rashed
theoretical aspects of distributed computing in sensor networks,paul g. spirakis;sotiris e. nikoletseas;sajal k. das 0001;giuseppe prencipe;przemyslaw blaskiewicz;nir tzachar;rupert reiger;p. r. kumar;david simplot-ryl;oscar morales ponce
theoretical foundations for digital libraries: the 5s (societies, scenarios, spaces, structures, streams) approach,rao shen;marcos andré gonçalves;edward a. fox
theoretical information reuse and integration,behrouz h. far;kadaouia habib;sardaouna hamadou;asmaa chebba;luís soares barbosa;amri napolitano;li tan;jiawei zhang;qianyi zhan;philip s. yu
theories and simulations of complex social systems,vahid dabbaghian;vijay kumar mago;piper j. jackson;alexander r. rutherford;alexa van der waall;christopher giles;susan m. mniszewski;ruby deol;peter b. borwein;laurent tambayong
theory and applications of gaussian quadrature methods,narayan kovvali
theory and models for cyber situation awareness,peng liu 0005;sushil jajodia;nancy j. cooke;christopher g. healey;john yen;massimiliano albanese;michael d. mcneese;xiaoyan sun;peng ning;chen zhong
theory and principled methods for the design of metaheuristics,olivier teytaud;christian igel;peter f. stadler;konstantin klemm;patrick d. surry;nicholas j. radcliffe;emmanuel vázquez;anne auger;mike preuss;riccardo poli
theory in cscw,christine a. halverson;mark s. ackerman;rob procter;thomas erickson;wendy a. kellogg;gillian hardstone;l. amaya becvar;mark rouncefield;madhu c. reddy;paul dourish
three-dimensional integration and modeling,manos m. tentzeris;jong-hoon lee
time series analysis, modeling and applications,junzo watada;yoshiyuki matsumoto;josé manuel benítez;hsiang-chuan liu;cesar amilcar lopez bello;ping wang;adam marszalek;dyi-huey chang;sheng-tun li;ronald r. yager
toeche-mittler,christof schimank;wolfgang kuhla
tools and applications with artificial intelligence,charalampos n. moschopoulos;grigorios n. beligiannis;spiridon d. likothanassis;dimitris fotakis;fillia makedon;masayuki ogawa;mohd rizal arshad;salma bouslama bouabdallah;ioannis hatzilygeroudis;kostas d. karatzas
topical themes in argumentation theory,bart garssen;frans h. van eemeren;constanza ihnen;andreas welzel;ian j. dove;david zarefsky;thomas fischer;dale hample;bert meuffels;manfred kienpointner
touching the future technology for autism?,joseph mintz;miklos gyori;ildikó kanizsai-nagy;morten aagaard;krisztina stefanik;faye morgan-rose;peter øhrstrøm;thomas ploug;zsombor várnagy-tóth;søren holm
tourism informatics,kazutaka shimada;tsutomu endo;tetsuya nakatoh;sachio hirokawa;chanatip chuenmanus;michal ptaszynski;hiroyuki nakamura;he gao;takahiro suzuki;yasuhiko morimoto
toward robotic socially believable behaving systems (i),lee j. corrigan;jérôme urbain;barbara lewandowska-tomaszczyk;tom ziemke;friedhelm schwenker;felix schüssel;gary mckeown;stéphane dupont;lászló hunyadi;sudarsana reddy kadiri
toward robotic socially believable behaving systems (ii),hossein mousavi;chloé clavel;milan gnjatovic;miltos deligiannis;randy klaassen;carl vogel;branislav borovac;lakhmi c. jain;angelo cafaro;mary stevens
towards hardware-intrinsic security,berk sunar;ahmad-reza sadeghi;roel maes;pim tuyls;ingrid verbauwhede;yu yu 0001;helena handschuh;markus ullmann;frederik armknecht;vladimir kolesnikov
towards intelligent engineering and information technology,radu-emil precup;imre j. rudas;stefan preitl;robert fullér;péter földesi;emil m. petriu;mircea-bogdan radac;claudia-adina dragos;ladislav madarász;theodor borangiu
towards interoperable research infrastructures for environmental and earth sciences,zhiming zhao;paul martin 0002;keith g. jeffery;barbara magagna;leonardo candela;malcolm p. atkinson;markus stocker;spiros koulouzis;yin chen;baptiste grenier
towards modern collaborative knowledge sharing systems,marek parfieniuk;marcin kazberuk;kamil kowalewski;waldemar rakowski;mateusz smolinski;jaroslaw andrzejczak;krzysztof guzek;daniel arendt;michal morawski;oskar swida
towards paraconsistent engineering,seiki akama;tetsuya murai;newton c. a. da costa;yasuo kudo;jair minoro abe;alexandre rocco;décio krause;naji obeid;martín diéguez;olivier sordet
towards security in medical telematics,barry barber;gerrit bleumer;stefaan callens;ted humphreys;ulrich dammann;ahmed patel;neils rossing;isabelle l. corbeel;louis j. corbeel;francis roger-france
towards service robots for everyday environments,bernhard nebel;robert haschke;wolfram burgard;patrick eyerich;michael brenner 0001;helge j. ritter;ulrich reiser;rüdiger dillmann;sven wachsmuth;ingo lütkebohle
towards the future of fuzzy logic,josep-maria terricabras;mark j. wierman;marco elio tabacchi;adolfo rodriguez de soto;terry d. clark;rudolf seising;francesc trillas;janusz kacprzyk;jerry m. mendel;settimo termini
towards the internet of services,sonja zillner;sascha seifert;simon bergweiler;patrick ndjiki-nya;kawa nazemi;judith liebetrau;daniel sonntag;myriam traub;volker tresp;thomas sporer
trading agents,michael p. wellman
tragedy in the gulf: a call for a new engineering ethic,george d. catalano
transaction processing on modern hardware,spyros blanas;mohammad sadoghi
transactional memory,ravi rajwar;james r. larus
transactional memory (2.ed.),ravi rajwar;tim harris 0001;james r. larus
transcript,dennis niewerth;katharina schmidt-brücken;paul gebelein;till a. heilmann;annika richterich;ulf otto;steffen scholl;carl heinze
transformative teaching,audrey boklage;nadia kellam;brooke coley
transforming ergonomics with personalized health and intelligent workplaces,gema ibáñez-sánchez;vicente traver;zoe valero-ramon;carlos fernández-llatas;diego casado-mansilla;maría martinez-piqueras;oihane gómez-carmona;diego rivera;nader ghotbi;mikael forsman
transforming technologies to manage our information: the future of personal information management, part 2,william jones 0001
transient electro-thermal modeling of bipolar power semiconductor devices,jerry l. hudgins;bin du;enrico santi;tanya k. gachovska
transient signals on transmission lines,andrew f. peterson;gregory d. durgin
translating euclid: designing a human-centered mathematics,gerry stahl
transparent-verlag,barbara wolfers
trauner,stefanie hohn;markus pfaff;markus schutti;eckehard hermann;rainer weinreich;klaus pirklbauer;christoph reichenberger;reinhold plösch;maria a. wimmer;heinz dobler
trauner verlag,martin stabauer
tredition,markus krause
tremor: from pathogenesis to treatment,giuliana grimaldi;mario manto
trends in neural computation,t. martin mcginnity;liam p. maguire;min-hwei chu;marios m. polycarpou;dipti srinivasan;elias kyriakides;quoc-long tran;jigang wang;kar-ann toh;yun yang 0003
trust in social media,huan liu 0001;jiliang tang
trust in technology,mark rouncefield;rob procter;karen clarke;mark hartswood;roger slack;ian sommerville;alexander voß;gillian hardstone;john a. hughes;dave martin
tu ilmenau,felix beier;christoph bodenstein;stefan hagedorn;markus brückner
tudpress,maik stamm;doreen göhler;yitagessu birhanu gebremedhin;karsten wendt;ngoc anh mai;vincent tietz;felix claus;hussein hussein;sören wittenberg;johannes partzsch
tuduv-verlagsgesellschaft,julian nida-rümelin
twin-win research (2nd edition),ben shneiderman
ubiquitous display environments,tsvi kuflik;keith cheverst;massimo zancanaro;jörg müller 0001;martin charles golumbic;elisabeth andré;zvi boger;bob kummerfeld;karin leichtenstern;antonio krüger
ubiquitous knowledge discovery,yücel saygin;joão gama;antoine cornuéjols;assaf schuster;rasmus ulslev pedersen;koen vanhoof;milton severo;michael wurst;andreas hotho;vasundhara puttagunta
ubiquitous music,victor lazzarini;damián keller;marcelo soares pimenta;akito van troyer;joseph timoney;marcelo de oliveira johann;andrew r. brown;maria helena de lima;luciano vargas flores;amber hansen
ulmer,jan mark pohlmann
uncertain schema matching,avigdor gal
uncertainty approaches for spatial data modeling and processing,frederick e. petry;olivier pivert;mohamed ali ben hassine;habib ounelli;vincent b. robinson;krassimir t. atanassov;ashley morris;gloria bordogna;piotr jankowski;adnan yazici
uncertainty quantification in computational fluid dynamics,jeroen a. s. witteveen;richard p. dwight;siddhartha mishra;sergey smirnov 0003;gaël poëtte;gianluca iaccarino;hester bijl;philip s. beran;cristian dinescu;charles hirsch
understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part i,leif sörnmo;sergio cerutti;luca t. mainardi
understanding atrial fibrillation: the signal processing contribution, part ii,leif sörnmo;sergio cerutti;luca t. mainardi
understanding circuits: learning problem solving using circuit analysis,khalid sayood
understanding the financial score,henry e. riggs
understanding user-web interactions via web analytics,bernard j. jansen
unitext-verlag,hans-ulrich wandel;albrecht hönerloh;katja ullrich;christian rolfs;ralph-dieter schrey;martin tietze;friederike wall;marie-claire leisewitz;markus kretschmer;martin lehnert
unity, truth and the liar,stephen read;eugene mills;catarina dutilh novaes;györgy serény;bradley armour-garb;josé m. sagüillo;barry hartley slater;jan wolenski;laurence goldstein;greg restall
univ.,georg j. kempa
univ.-verl.,enrico kienel;matthias heinrich;ariane heller;mirko caspar
univ.-verl. konstanz,angelika glöckner-rist
univ.-verlag,gernot herbst
univ.-verlag der tu,rené van bevern
univ.-verlag konstanz,eva mittermaier
universaar, universitäts-verlag des saarlandes,sven schmeier;alexander volokh
university of bamberg press,andré pflüger;andreas schönberger;michael jacob;christian matyas;stephan scheele;stefanie gooren-sieber
university of strathclyde, glasgow, uk,alastair peter dunsmore
university of udine, italy,angelo montanari
universitäts verlag karlsruhe, germany,kai kapp
universitäts-verlag,anja pölck;marc ritter;lukás spendla;marko rößler;florian liers
universitäts-verlag göttingen,stefan christmann
universitäts-verlag rhein-ruhr,julia steube
universitätsbibliothek kiel, germany,ansgar scherp
universitätsverlag chemnitz,daniel kriesten;arne berger
urs ortho,dietmar meister
usable security: history, themes, and challenges,heather richter lipford;simson l. garfinkel
usenix association,æleen frisch;mark burgess
user-centered agile methods,hugh r. beyer
user-centered data management,tiziana catarci;giuseppe santucci;stephen kimani;alan j. dix
user-centered evaluation of visual analytics,jean scholtz
using comparable corpora for under-resourced areas of machine translation,robert j. gaizauskas;monica lestari paramita;ahmet aker;dan stefanescu;inguna skadina;paul d. clough;radu ion;andrejs vasiljevs;marcis pinnis;bogdan babych
utz,rainer siebenhaar;rainer hauck;dedy dewanto tjhie;rené schneider;daniela rothenhöfer;veronika eisenrieder;stephen heilbronner;joachim f. schreiber;christian winkler 0002;bernhard quendt
utz, wiss.,birgit naumer;maria-athina mountzia
utz, wiss. verlag,claus dendorfer;helmut e. mößmer;stefan siekmann;józsef albert;ralph radermacher;harald müller 0002;andreas iselt;elvira preiwisch-seibold;rainer mehlhorn;bernhard bauer
utz, wiss.-verlag,markus gutschmidt;markus kolland
utzverlag,christoph julius richter
utzverlag gmbh,leo pfefferer;olaf kreichgauer
uvk, univ.-verlag konstanz,christian wolff
uvk-verlag-gesellschaft,markus beiler
v&r unipress,franziska weidle
vagueness: a guide,roy t. cook;diana raffman;e. j. lowe;dominic hyde;stewart shapiro;timothy endicott;robert van rooij
vahlen,michael reinhart;jörn-axel meyer;andreas hufgard;kai scholl;ulrich anders;philip fischer;udo liedtke;ulrike baumöl;andreas renner
validating rdf data,dimitris kontokostas;josé emilio labra gayo;eric prud'hommeaux;iovka boneva
value rational engineering,shuichi fukuda
vandenhoeck u. ruprecht,thomas bruns 0002;eduard möhlmann;werner boos
vandenhoeck und ruprecht,reinhardt koopmann;robert w. amler;gerd bornmüller;joachim pautsch
vde verlag gmbh,thomas weiß
vde-verlag,sebastian zimmermann;martin utesch;andreas kanstein;axel küpper;klaus-clemens schoo
vdf,stefan bondeli;peter a. kolb;peter leikauf;adrian specker;krystyna w. ohnesorge;christof traber;rené sennhauser;eckart lange;bin jiang 0005
vdf, hochsch.-verlag an der eth,thomas schaller
vdf, verlag der fachvereine,peter janes
vdi verlag,zhijie zhao;matthias jüttner;liyong yu;christian büscher;henning mersch;florian baumann;saif dawood salman al-shaikhli;karin eckert;kai krüning
vdi verlag gmbh,thomas guthier;oliver müller 0003;david kampert 0001;eduardo pérez-pellitero;sten grüner;maik riedel;constantin wagner;marco munderloh;tina mersch;arne ehlers
vdi-verl.,kai cordes
vdi-verlag,horst gülich;kai storjohann;björn wolter;bernd steiner;wenzel seiler;hartmut petzold;claus-peter jürging;martin maier 0002;jörn ostermann;thomas kronseder
vdm,björn w. schuller;ozgur kurc
vdm dr. müller, saarbrücken, germany,vasian cepa
vdm müller, saarbrücken, germany,stefan naumann
vdm verlag dr. müller,bernd reiner;roman krepki;patrick lay;dalei wu;vanda lehel;christian betz;michael a. zaggl;andre holzapfel;jens krinke;marco lohse
vdm verlag dr. müller, saarbrücken, germany,georg treu;marcus raitner;felix flentge;anis charfi;ralf schmitz;thomas setzer;cristian pérez de laborda schwankhart;matthias korch;hermann birkholz;marcus kleinehagenbrock
vdm verlag, saarbücken, germany,stephan volmer
vehicle suspension system technology and design,amir khajepour;avesta goodarzi
verein zur förderung der ökosystemforschung zu kiel,wolfgang schaefer
verkehrsverlag fischer,h. helmut merkel;joachim türk
verl. dr. hut,nikolay robinzonov
verl.-haus monsenstein und vannerdat, münster, germany,ji hu 0001
verlag an d. lottbek,achim ilchmann
verlag an d. lottbek jensen,volker krambrich
verlag an der lottbek jensen,torsten emmerich
verlag barbara budrich,julia krüger
verlag cuvillier,harald altinger
verlag d. fachvereine,sigrid d. unseld
verlag der augustinus-buchh.,norbert niebert;thomas meuser;peter decker 0002
verlag der augustinus-buchhandlung,stefan ruhnau;andreas fasbender;guido hogen;horst cerv;harald nicolai;herbert steffan;rainer upmann;martin junius;andreas volker heinrich;simon hoff
verlag der fachvereine,hans peter gisiger;felix gähler;horst lichter;carlo muller;anders kierulf;walter frederic oertly;reto marti;andreas f. wälchli;hans bärfuss;giovanni müller
verlag der quickprinter,marc oliver orth
verlag die blaue eule,henner drewes;jörg wurzer
verlag dr. hut,constanze deiters;jürgen t. geiger;rani almaharmah;christopher schulz;jörg niesenhaus;mohammad reza ahmadi;nils thürey;tim wortmann;timo schairer;petra r. kleeberger
verlag dr. kovač,mario donick;franziska handrich;benedikt schumm;alexander nemzov;lukas mohr
verlag für angewandte psychologie,detlef haaks
verlag für geschichte der naturwissenschaft und der technik,michael friedewald
verlag für psychologie hogrefe,cornelia müller
verlag für systemische forschung im carl-auer-systeme-verlag,alexander warkus
verlag für wiss. u. kunst,peter henrich;ute jekosch
verlag für wiss. und forschung,jörg peter heimel;wolfgang wehebrink
verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,stefan brües
verlag industrielle organisation,clino vallone;jean-michel grossenbacher
verlag kommunikationsforum recht, wirtschaft, steuern,mirko sickinger
verlag neue wiss.,klemens schnattinger;susanne schacht
verlag pco,günther holländer
verlag praxiswissen,bert janfeld;martin käppner;sigrid wenzel;michael sommer;klaus dieter lorenzen;jürgen harland;andreas reininghaus;michael schoppol;fred g. bittner;peter wolf 0003
verlag shaker,michael schiwietz
verlag statistische hefte,hans wolfgang brachinger
verlag tcworld gmbh,viktor frei
verlag thexis,christian huldi
verlag tüv rheinland,jürgen schieleit;heinrich krebs;matthias daum 0002;andreas göttker;georg kimmerle;detlef f. pape;frank köhler;hans-günter hirsch;neculai andrei;ulrich olschewski
verlag werner hülsbusch, fachverlag für medientechnik und -wirtschaft,franz ablinger
verlag wiss. und praxis,roland keil;roland raff;lars dieterle;harald schönebeck;dietmar bönke;matthias f. lachmann
verlag wissenschaft & praxis,arne breuer
verlag-anst. handwerk,hans-joachim herrmann 0002
verlag-haus monsenstein und vannerdat,merten joost;sebastian pulkowski;barbara unger-lamprecht;kristin futterlieb;holger hopp
verlags-haus mainz,christoph schneiders
verlags-haus monsenstein und vannerdat,yves forkl;georgia priscylla cesar de albuquerque richers;frank g. radmacher;christian hermanns
verlagsgruppe athenäum, hain, hanstein,martin wagener;paul müller 0001;peter haas 0002;peter abel
verlagsgruppe athenäum, hain, scriptor, hanstein,konrad boenchendorf;reinhard weber
verlagshaus mainz gmbh aachen,upasna vishnoi
verlagshaus monsenstein und vannerdat ohg,marlene wolfgruber;florian stahl
vice-versa-verlag,stefan wachter
video analytics for business intelligence,simon denman;sridha sridharan;clinton fookes;giulia paggetti;vinay d. shet;alper yilmaz;alina bialkowski;himaanshu gupta;asaad hakeem;rizwan chaudhry
video search and mining,pavan k. turaga;rama chellappa;adrian ulges;gideon s. mann;sanjay purushotham;dan schonfeld;arturo donate;qi tian 0002;giulia boato;nadeem anjum
vieweg,hans-georg lauffs;ernst a. heinz;harald rieseler;hans-friedrich peters;thomas käppner;meinolf osterwinter;heinzpeter höller;ralf gutsche;andreas zabel;ralph sasse
vieweg & teubner,niels streekmann
vieweg + teubner,heike hufnagel;david trachtenherz
vieweg + teubner, germany,bernhard fechner;stefan baerisch
vieweg + teubner, wiesbaden, germany,hendrik witt
virtual communities, social networks and collaboration,stelios zimeras;athina lazakidou;nick glezakos;masahiro bessho;gerald eichler;lorella gabriele;volkmar schau;christian stolcis;christian erfurth;judith simon
virtual crowds: methods, simulation, and control,nuria pelechano;jan m. allbeck;norman i. badler
virtual crowds: steps toward behavioral realism,nuria pelechano;jan m. allbeck;mubbasir kapadia;norman i. badler
virtual design of an audio lifelogging system: tools for iot systems,mohit shah;brian mears
virtual material acquisition and representation for computer graphics,dar'ya guarnera;giuseppe claudio guarnera
virtual reality and virtual environments in 10 lectures,stanislav stankovic
vision based systemsfor uav applications,aleksander nawrat;karol jedrasiak;krzysztof daniec;robert bieda;artur babiarz;krzysztof jaskot;zygmunt kus;henryk josinski;slawomir fras;damian bereska
vision-based interaction,gang hua 0001;matthew a. turk
visual data mining,simeon j. simoff;michael h. böhlen;arturas mazeika;françois poulet;peer mylov;anne kao;jörn schneidewind;erik granum;caetano traina jr.;mihael ankerst
visual information retrieval using java and lire,oge marques;mathias lux
visual object recognition,bastian leibe;kristen grauman
vogt,andreas weder;markus winter 0002;reimund klemm;najeeb ul hassan;katja schwieger;patrick grosa;alexander richter;stefan hennig;steffen kunze;rainer schaffer
von halem,matthias brändli
vs verlag für sozialwissenschaften,dietmar weber
vs-verlag, wiesbaden, germany,ulf-daniel ehlers
vtb,volker stadler
vulkan-verlag,ralf westerbusch;joachim friedhoff;rigbert oberholthaus;wilfried adami;matthias möbus;frank prekwinkel
vvf,jürgen moormann;angelika niebler;klaus wolters;roland bömer;heinrich seidlmeier;franz xaver strassburger;tilman gerhardt;oliver m. habel;susanne musil;agathe kilian-momm
vwf,manfred körkel;martin thust
vwf, verlag für wiss. und forschung,joachim aurich;wolfram reinken;christof b. rehling;wolfgang lang
vwf, verlag für wissenschaft und forschung,thomas utecht
vwgö,harald schaschinger;stephan bauer;helmut gfrerer;ingrid schaumüller-bichl;gerald quirchmayr;elisabeth katzlinger-felhofer
vwh, verlag werner hülsbusch, fachverlag für medientechnik und -wirtschaft,ben heuwing
w.e.b.-univ.-verlag,torsten rudolph;martin holzapfel
w3l,hendrik neumann
wang tiles in computer graphics,ares lagae
wavelet image compression,william a. pearlman
waxmann,carmen zahn;hermann astleitner;jochen prümper;peter w. fach;ernst schaub;patricia arnold;karsten weber;doris lewalter;petra ahrweiler;frauke intemann
web 2.0 & semantic web,ljiljana stojanovic;nenad krdzavac;susan thomas;matthias kriesell;danica damljanovic;jörg dörflinger;kay-uwe schmidt;ilaria torre 0001;vladan devedzic;ana kovacevic
web accessibility,hironobu takagi;anna cavender;simon harper;ethan v. munson;shari trewin;stefano ferretti;darren lunn;armando barreto;eleni michailidou;laura m. leventhal
web accessibility (2nd ed.),lisa seeman;hironobu takagi;chieko asakawa;andrew arch;shari trewin;clayton lewis;shaun k. kane;manuel j. fonseca;glenda sims;willian massami watanabe
web corpus construction,felix bildhauer;roland schäfer
web engineering,daniel schwabe;oscar pastor;gustavo rossi;luis olsina;sven casteleyn;sara comai;nora koch;hernán molina;zoltán fiala;pedro valderas
web intelligence and security - advances in data and text mining techniques for detecting and preventing terrorist activities on the web,ely porat;gevorg margarov;christian ehrlich;eduardo jaques spinosa;ekrem duman;dan roth;shaul shay;joão gama;daniela oelke;peter bak
web page recommendation models: theory and algorithms,sule gündüz ögüdücü
web personalization in intelligent environments,maria alessandra torsello;giovanna castellano;anna maria fanelli;corrado mencar;danilo dell'agnello;cataldo musto;theodoula giannakoudi;marco de gemmis;fabián p. lousame;john d. garofalakis
web-based applications in healthcare and biomedicine,d. john doyle;athina lazakidou;marco masseroli;anastasia n. kastania;miguel lópez coronado;iraklis varlamis;pantelis angelidis;constantinos mourlas;isabel de la torre díez;thomas meinel
wehle,ralf helbig;ulrich h. kuron;stephan zelewski
weidler buchverlag,katie böhme
westdt. univ.-verl.,felix bruns
westdt. verlag,kerstin engels;helmuth sagawe;markus bader;achim bühl;thomas köhler;uwe rutenfranz;ulrich schade;annegret witt-barthel
what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part i & ii,gary lee downey;kacey beddoes
what is global engineering education for? the making of international educators, part iii,gary lee downey;kacey beddoes
whole body interaction,mark t. bolas;radu-daniel vatavu;paul mulholland;philip smit;kumiko fujisawa;stephen a. brewster;elizabeth a. crane;kellogg s. booth;julie rico;david england
wiku, duisburg, colone, germany,melanie weis
wiku-verlag,alexander hofmann
wiku-wiss.-verlag stein,jens bartenschlager
wiku-wissenschafts-verlag stein,henry ristau
wilfer,klaus echterhagen
windmühle, verlag und vertrieb von medien,dieter hasselmann
winter,josef wallmannsberger
winter industries,gabriela loosli
wire-verlag-ges. für wirtschaft, recht und steuern,jürgen von ohlen
wireless network pricing,lin gao 0001;jianwei huang
wireless networking for moving objects,rute c. sofia;marília curado;paulo mendes 0001;krzysztof grochla;konrad polys;torsten braun;edmundo monteiro;ivan ganchev;pavle skocir;alessandro zocca
wireless sensor network technologies for the information explosion era,takahiro hara;akimitsu kanzaki;sanjay madria;yoshimasa ishi;josé cecílio;kazutoshi fujikawa;pedro furtado 0001;martin fischer;toshiyuki amagasa;frank lauterwald
wirtschaftsverl. bachem,petra dahmen
wirtschaftsverl. nw, verlag für neue wiss.,peter rose
wison-verlag,wolfgang vieweg;christoph meller;thomas h. rhenius;walter klein;volker schaedel;gerhard renner;volker hasse;ralf volker schüler
wiss. berichtswesen d. dfvlr,steffen kuntz
wiss. berichtswesen der dlr,volker huck
wiss. buchh. hector,fred englert
wiss. fachverl.,lászló pitlik
wiss. fachverl. fleck,ruthart berberich;artur ickstadt
wiss. verlag berlin,andreas schrader;holger rada
wiss. verlag trier,matthias melich
wiss.-und technik-verlag,frank lattemann
wiss.-und-technik-verlag,lutz fliegner;silko kruse;stefan tai;arfst nickelsen
wiss.-und-technik-verlag gross,dazhe zhao
wiss.-verl. mainz,eugen freiter
wiss.-verlag mainz,ralf jennen
wiss.-verlag spiess,hiroko nojiri
wiss.-verlag vauk,michael soormann
wissenschaftsverlag mainz,florian heese;markus andreas niermann;moritz beermann;thomas drucks
wisslit-verlag,gerhard fuchs
wissner,norbert schläbitz;gabriele höfner;martin theus
witte,klaus rosenhagen
wittemann,christof zangemeister
wißner,wilfried aigner;christian fremuth-paeger;markus zahn;bernd dreier;petra huhn;annja zahn
wochenschau-verlag,wilmar steup
wording robotics,mark hunyadi;denis vidal;alain berthoz;agnieszka wykowska;gentiane venture;philippe gaussier;jairo pérez-osorio;salvatore di piazza;céline pieters;pascal chabot
working together apart: collaboration over the internet,judith s. olson;gary m. olson
world scientific,maria bojadziev;daniel graupe;george bojadziev;albert y. zomaya;ching y. suen;wai-kai chen;christopher j. harris 0001;lotfi a. zadeh;gregory j. chaitin;rong yang
worldscientific,abraham kandel;horst bunke;jeffrey j. p. tsai;lior rokach;george n. saridis;oded maimon;arthur c. sanderson;fei-yue wang 0001;yuan yan tang;hoang pham
wuv-univ.-verlag,arno scharl;alexander wagner
wvb,hartmut luttermann;tobias pontz
wvb, wiss. verlag,nils birnbaum;torsten felzer
wvb, wiss. verlag berlin,jens henoch
wvb, wissenschaftlicher verlag berlin,julia müller-radtke
wvt, wiss. verlag,thomas ludwig 0001
wvt, wiss. verlag trier,frank austermühl;hans a. kühn;ludger pfeil
würfel-verlag,robert endl
würzburg univ. press,martin fink 0001
xml retrieval,mounia lalmas
your virtual butler,theo jacobs;david benyon;anthony jameson;georg arbeiter;claudia oppenauer-meerskraut;silvia gabrielli;sabine payr;elena not;christopher parlitz;ginevra castellano
zadi,thomas engel 0002
zaininger,sascha groh
zentralstelle der studentenschaft,urs meyer;daniel demuth;bettina ansel suter
zero-effort technologies,tizneem jiancaro;jesse hoey;alex mihailidis;jennifer boger;victoria young
zib,roland wunderling
zkw,matthias heger
zukunft ingenieurwissenschaften,oliver koppel;eckart kottkamp;burkhard rauhut;j. blochwitz-nimoth;max kerner;andreas trautmann;heinz-paul bonn;horst biermann;herbert hanselmann;heather hofmeister
école normale supérieure de cachan, france,johan montagnat
österr. computer-ges.,alois ferscha
österr. kunst- und kulturverl.,alois panholzer;günter kleindl;johann steger
österreichische computer gesellschaft,walter hötzendorfer
